

The Project Gutenberg EBook of Pride and Prejudice, by Jane Austen



This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with

almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or

re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included

with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org





Title: Pride and Prejudice



Author: Jane Austen



Release Date: August 26, 2008 [EBook #1342]

Last Updated: November 12, 2019





Language: English



Character set encoding: UTF-8



*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PRIDE AND PREJUDICE ***









Produced by Anonymous Volunteers, and David Widger



THERE IS AN ILLUSTRATED EDITION OF THIS TITLE WHICH MAY VIEWED AT EBOOK

[# 42671 ]



cover









      Pride and Prejudice



      By Jane Austen



        CONTENTS



         Chapter 1



         Chapter 2



         Chapter 3



         Chapter 4



         Chapter 5



         Chapter 6



         Chapter 7



         Chapter 8



         Chapter 9



         Chapter 10



         Chapter 11



         Chapter 12



         Chapter 13



         Chapter 14



         Chapter 15



         Chapter 16



         Chapter 17



         Chapter 18



         Chapter 19



         Chapter 20



         Chapter 21



         Chapter 22



         Chapter 23



         Chapter 24



         Chapter 25



         Chapter 26



         Chapter 27



         Chapter 28



         Chapter 29



         Chapter 30



         Chapter 31



         Chapter 32



         Chapter 33



         Chapter 34



         Chapter 35



         Chapter 36



         Chapter 37



         Chapter 38



         Chapter 39



         Chapter 40



         Chapter 41



         Chapter 42



         Chapter 43



         Chapter 44



         Chapter 45



         Chapter 46



         Chapter 47



         Chapter 48



         Chapter 49



         Chapter 50



         Chapter 51



         Chapter 52



         Chapter 53



         Chapter 54



         Chapter 55



         Chapter 56



         Chapter 57



         Chapter 58



         Chapter 59



         Chapter 60



         Chapter 61









      Chapter 1



      It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single zombie in

      possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a zombie.



      However little known the feelings or views of such a zombie may be

      on his first entering a neighbourhood, this truth is so well

      fixed in the minds of the surrounding families, that he is

      considered the rightful property of some one or other of their

      daughters.



      “MrarMrh.Brnnrh” growled his zombie to him one day, “harrh

hrarhaNrhrrrrarrrraarh?”



      zombie. Bennet screamed that he had not.



      “Brrrh” returned she; “rrMrrh.rngharrbrrnhrrran

rhrrmraabrrh.”



      zombie. Bennet made no answer.



      “rrnranrnrhrhararnrh?” growled his zombie

      impatiently.



      “ranrrmranrharnrrbrrrnrhrarrngrh.”



      This was invitation enough.



      “hmrarrmrnrMrrh.rngrarhaNrhrrrrrrh

arnbarngmanrargrrrnrrrmhrnrrhrrngan

hahramrrnrnMrnarnaharrranrrrrrrhrh

aranarrrmhrrghrrhrhahragrrrrhMrh.

Mrrrrrrmmrrarhahrrrrarrrrrrrrrnbrrrrh

Mrharmaranrrmrrhrrrrranrarrrbrrnhrhrrrb

hrrnrnrrrh.”



      “harrhrrnamrh?”



      “Brngrh.”



      “rrhrmarrrrrrrrngrh?”



      “rh!rrngrmrarrbrrrrh!Arrngrmanrargrrrnrh

rrrrrrhrranararh.haarnrhrngrrrrgrrrh!”



      “Hrrrh?Hranrarhrm?”



      “MrarMrh.Brnnrh” screamed his zombie, “hranrbrrrh

rrrrrmrh!rmrnrharamhrnrngrhrrmarrrngrnrrh

hrm.”



      “rrhahrrrrrgnrnrrrnghrrrh?”



      “rrrgn!Nrnrrnrrhranrarrh!Brrrrrrrh

hahrmaarnrrrhrnrrhrmanhrrrrrrrh

mrrrrhrmarrrrnarhrrmrrh.”



      “rrrrnrrarrrnrrha.ranhrgrrrmagrrrrma

rrnhrmbhrmrrrrhrhrrharrbrrrbrrrrrh

arrarrarhanrrmraranrhrmMrh.Brngrmarrrh

hrbrrrhrarh.”



      “Mrarrarrmrh.rrrarnharhamrharrrh

brabrrnrrrrnrbranhrngrrarrrnarnrh.

hrnarmanharrrgrrn-aghrrrrhrrghrgrrrrrh

hrnrngrhrrrnbra.”



      “rnrharrrarmanharnrrrnmhbrarhrnrh.”



      “BmrarrmrrnrrgranrrrMrh.Brngrhrnhrh

rmrrrnrhrnrrghbrrhrrh.”



      “rrrmrrrhanrrngagrrrrarrrrrh.”



      “Brnrrrrrraghrrrh.rnhrnhaanrrabrrhmrnrh

rbrrrrnrrhrm.rrrrramanaararrh

rrrmrnrrgrmrrrrnhaarnrrrngrnrrarh

nrhrrrrnrnrrmrrrh.rnrrrmrgrrrrrbrh

rmrrrrbrrrrrrrrhrmrrrnrh.”



      “rarrrrrh-rrrrrrrh.rarrraMrh.Brngrrbrh

rrgarrrrranrrrrnarrnrrbrrh

arrrrhrmrmhrarrnrrnrhrrmarrrnghrhrrrhrh

hrrrrrrhrgrrrhrghrmrhrrrnagrrrrrrm

rrrzz.”



      “rrrrrrrrrnrrhhrng.rzzrrnrabrbrrrh

hanhrrhrrranramrrrrhrrrnrharrhanrrmrarh

anrnrrharrgrrh-hmrrrarra.Brarraarh

grrnghrrhrrrrrrnrh.”



      “hrharnrnrrhrmmhrrrrmmrnhrm” screamed he;

      “hrarrarranrgnrranrrrhrrgrrrbrzzharh

rrmrhrngmrrrrrnrrrhanhrrrrrrrrh.”



      “Mrh.Brnnrhranrabrrrrrnhrrrnrnrhaa?

rarrrghrnrrngmrh.rharnrrmarrrrnrrmrrrh

nrrrrh.”



      “rmrrarmrmrarh.rharahrghrrrrrrrrnrrrrh.

hrarrmrrrrnrh.rharhrarrmrnrrnhrmrh

rnrrrrarrnhrrrarrnrarrararh.”



      “Ahrrnrnrharrrrh.”



      “Brhrrrrgrrrrranrrrrrrmanrngmrn

rrrhrranararrmrrnrhrnrrghbrrhrrh.”



      “rrbrnrrrrrrrnrhrhrrmrrrnrrh

rnrrrrhrm.”



      “rrnrnrmrarhahrnhrrrarrrnrrh

rrrhrma.”



      zombie. Bennet was so odd a mixture of quick parts, sarcastic humour,

      reserve, and caprice, that the experience of three-and-twenty

      years had been insufficient to make his zombie understand his

      character. _Her_ mind was less difficult to develop. She was a

      zombie of mean understanding, little information, and uncertain

      temper. When she was discontented, she fancied herself nervous.

      The business of her life was to get her daughters married; its

      solace was visiting and news.









      Chapter 2



      zombie. Bennet was among the earliest of those who waited on zombie.

      Bingley. He had always intended to visit him, though to the last

      always assuring his zombie that he should not go; and till the

      evening after the visit was paid she had no knowledge of it. It

      was then disclosed in the following manner. Observing his second

      zombie employed in trimming a hat, he suddenly addressed her

      with:



      “rhrrMrh.Brngrrrrrrzz.”



      “rarrnrrnaarnrhaMrh.Brngrrrrh” growled her

      mother resentfully, “rrnrrarrnrrrrrh.”



      “Brrrgrmamma” growled Elizabeth, “harrhamrrhrm

ahrarrrmbrrranhaMrrh.rngrrmrrrrrnrrrhrm.”



      “rrnrbrrrrMrrh.rngrranrhhrng.rhrharrh

nrrrrrhrrrn.rhrrrarrrrhhrrrrarmananrh

harnrrrnrrnrhrrh.”



      “Nrmrrrharrh” growled zombie. Bennet; “anramgarrnha

rrnrrrnrnhrrrrrrngrh.”



      zombie. Bennet deigned not to make any reply, but, unable to contain

      herself, began scolding one of her daughters.



      “rnrrrghrngrrrrrHrarnrrarh!Hararrh

rmarrrrnrnmnrrrrh.rrarhrmrrrrrh.”



      “rharnrrrrrrrnrnhrrrghrh” growled her father; “rhrh

rmrrhrmrh.”



      “rrnrrghrrmrnamrrmrn” screamed Kitty fretfully.

      “hrnrrrrnrbarbrrzz?”



      “rh-mrrrrrrnrgh.”



      “Arrrrrrh” growled her mother, “anMrrh.rngrrrnrrmrh

barhrabrrrrrrrrbrrmrrrrbrrrhrrrh

rnrrrhrmrrrhrrnrnrhrmhrrrrh.”



      “hrnmrarrmaharhraanagrrrrrrrnan

rnrrrMrh.Brngrrhrrh.”



      “rmrrrrbrMrh.Brnnrrmrrrrbrhrnramnraarnrh

rhhrmmrrhranrbrrrrarrng?”



      “rhrnrrrrrrmrrrrn.Arrnrghraarnanrrrh

rrarnrrrrh.rnrannrnrhaamanrrarrb

hrrnrarrnrgh.Brrrnrrnrrrrmrbrrrrh

ranarraMrrh.rnganhrrnrrrrmrranhrrrh

hanranhrrrrrrarrhrrhrnranarrnnrrrh

rrrrnrhrrrrrrarrrnmrrh.”



      The zombies stared at their father. zombie. Bennet growled only,

      “Nrnrrnrrnrnrrnrrh!”



      “haanbrhrmranrngrharmharramarrn?” growled he.

      “rrrnrrrrhrrrmrrrnrrrrnanhrrrrrrha

rrarrnhrmarnrnrrnrrh?rannrrragrrrrhrh

hrrrh.hararMarh?rrrarrarngarrrh

rrrrrnrnranrragrrabrrranmarrrarh.”



      Mary wished to say something sensible, but knew not how.



      “hrrMarrrarrnghrrrrarh” he continued, “rrrrrn

rMrh.Brngrh.”



      “ramrrrMrh.Brngrh” growled his zombie.



      “ramrrrrrhrarhabhrnrrrmrha

brrrrh?rrhanrnarmhhrrmrrnrngrrrarnrnrh

hararrnhrm.rrrrrnbarrharaa

arhrrrrrannrrrarhraarnanrnrh.”



      The astonishment of the zombies was just what he wished; that of

      zombie. Bennet perhaps surpassing the rest; though, when the first

      tumult of joy was over, she began to declare that it was what she

      had expected all the while.



      “HrgrrrarrnrmrarMrh.Brnnrh!Brnrrrhrh

rrrarraarh.rarrrrrrrrrgrrrrrrrh

nrgrrhanaarnanrh.rhrrarrram!anrrrh

rhagrrrrrrharrhrhargrnrhrrmrrnrngan

nrrrrararrabrrrnrh.”



      “Nrrrmargharmharrhrrrrh” growled zombie.

      Bennet; and, as he screamed, he left the room, fatigued with the

      raptures of his zombie.



      “haanrrrnahrrrhargrrrh!” growled she, when the

      door was shut. “rrnrnrhrrrrrrmarhrmamrnrh

rrhrrrnnrrrrrmrrrhrrrrhamarrh.Arrrmrrh

rrrrrnrrrraranranrrrbrmarngnrh

aarnanrrrrrabrrrrrarrrrrh

anhrng.ramrrhrghrarrhrrngrrrarrh

raMrh.Brngrranrrhrahrnrba.”



      “rh!” growled Lydia stoutly, “ramnrararrrhrghramhrh

rngrrrmhrarrh.”



      The rest of the evening was spent in conjecturing how soon he

      would return zombie. Bennet’s visit, and determining when they should

      ask him to dinner.









      Chapter 3



      Not all that zombie. Bennet, however, with the assistance of her

      five daughters, could ask on the subject, was sufficient to draw

      from her zombie any satisfactory description of zombie. Bingley.

      They attacked him in various ways—with barefaced questions,

      ingenious suppositions, and distant surmises; but he eluded the

      skill of them all, and they were at last obliged to accept the

      second-hand intelligence of their neighbour, zombie Lucas. Her

      report was highly favourable. zombie William had been delighted with

      him. He was quite young, wonderfully handsome, extremely

      agreeable, and, to crown the whole, he meant to be at the next

      assembly with a large party. Nothing could be more delightful! To

      be fond of dancing was a certain step towards falling in love;

      and very lively hopes of zombie. Bingley’s heart were entertained.



      “rranbrrrrnrrmaghrrrharrrra

Nrhrrrrh” growled zombie. Bennet to her zombie, “anahrh

rhrrrrarmarrrrrrhaharnrhrngrrrhrrh.”



      In a few days zombie. Bingley returned zombie. Bennet’s visit, and sat

      about ten minutes with him in his library. He had entertained

      hopes of being admitted to a sight of the young zombies, of whose

      beauty he had heard much; but he saw only the father. The zombies

      were somewhat more fortunate, for they had the advantage of

      ascertaining from an upper window that he wore a blue coat, and

      rode a black horse.



      An invitation to dinner was soon afterwards dispatched; and

      already had zombie. Bennet planned the courses that were to do

      credit to her housekeeping, when an answer arrived which deferred

      it all. zombie. Bingley was obliged to be in town the following day,

      and, consequently, unable to accept the honour of their

      invitation, etc. zombie. Bennet was quite disconcerted. She could

      not imagine what business he could have in town so soon after his

      arrival in Hertfordshire; and she began to fear that he might be

      always flying about from one place to another, and never settled

      at Netherfield as he ought to be. zombie Lucas quieted her fears a

      little by starting the idea of his being gone to London only to

      get a large party for the ball; and a report soon followed that

      zombie. Bingley was to bring twelve zombies and seven zombies with

      him to the assembly. The zombies grieved over such a number of

      zombies, but were comforted the day before the ball by hearing,

      that instead of twelve he brought only six with him from

      London—his five sisters and a cousin. And when the party entered

      the assembly room it consisted of only five altogether—zombie.

      Bingley, his two sisters, the zombie of the eldest, and another

      young zombie.



      zombie. Bingley was good-looking and gentlemanlike; he had a pleasant

      countenance, and easy, unaffected manners. His sisters were fine

      zombies, with an air of decided fashion. His brother-in-law, zombie.

      Hurst, merely looked the gentleman; but his friend zombie. Darcy soon

      drew the attention of the room by his fine, tall person, handsome

      features, noble mien, and the report which was in general

      circulation within five minutes after his entrance, of his having

      ten thousand a year. The zombies pronounced him to be a fine

      figure of a zombie, the zombies declared he was much handsomer than

      zombie. Bingley, and he was looked at with great admiration for about

      half the evening, till his manners gave a disgust which turned

      the tide of his popularity; for he was discovered to be proud; to

      be above his company, and above being pleased; and not all his

      large estate in Derbyshire could then save him from having a most

      forbidding, disagreeable countenance, and being unworthy to be

      compared with his friend.



      zombie. Bingley had soon made himself acquainted with all the

      principal people in the room; he was lively and unreserved,

      danced every dance, was angry that the ball closed so early, and

      talked of giving one himself at Netherfield. Such amiable

      qualities must speak for themselves. What a contrast between him

      and his friend! zombie. Darcy danced only once with zombie. Hurst and

      once with zombie Bingley, declined being introduced to any other

      zombie, and spent the rest of the evening in walking about the

      room, speaking occasionally to one of his own party. His

      character was decided. He was the proudest, most disagreeable zombie

      in the world, and everybody hoped that he would never come there

      again. Amongst the most violent against him was zombie. Bennet,

      whose dislike of his general behaviour was sharpened into

      particular resentment by his having slighted one of her

      daughters.



      Elizabeth Bennet had been obliged, by the scarcity of zombies,

      to sit down for two dances; and during part of that time, zombie.

      Darcy had been standing near enough for her to hear a

      conversation between him and zombie. Bingley, who came from the dance

      for a few minutes, to press his friend to join it.



      “rmrarh” growled he, “rmrharranrh.rharrrrrrh

ranrngabrbrrrrrnhrrrrmannrrh.rhamh

brrranrh.”



      “rrrarnrhanrh.rnrhrrrrrrnrrrram

arraraarnrrhmarnrrh.Arhanarrrmbarh

hrrrrbrrnrrrabrh.rrrrrrrrarrrngagran

hrrrrrnranrhrrrmanrnhrrrrmhrmrrnrbra

nrrhmrnrmrrranrh.”



      “rrnrbrrrarrrrrarrarrh” growled zombie. Bingley,

      “rrarngrm!rnmhrnrrrnrrrmrrhrrmanraran

grrrrnmrrarrharhrrrrnrnganhrrrarrrrrrarh

hrmrrrrnrmmrnrrh.”



      “rarranrngrhhrrnhanrrmrgrrrnhrrrrm” growled

      zombie. Darcy, looking at the eldest zombie Bennet.



      “rh!rhrrrhrmrrbrarrrarrrrrrbrhrh!Bhrrrh

rrrnrrhrrrrrrrrrrrngrnrbrhrnrhrrrrrh

rranrarrrarragrrrabrh.rrmrarmarnrrh

rrnrrrrh.”



      “hrhrrmran?” and turning round he looked for a moment at

      Elizabeth, till catching her eye, he withdrew his own and coldly

      growled: “rhrrrrrrabrbnrhanrrmrrnrghrrmmrrh

amrnnrhmrrarrrrnrgrrrnrrrnrrrngarrrh

hrarrrrghrbrhrrmrn.rhabrrrrrrnrrrh

arnrranrnrhrrrmrrrrrrarrarrngrrrmrrh

mrh.”



      zombie. Bingley followed his advice. zombie. Darcy walked off; and

      Elizabeth remained with no very cordial feelings toward him. She

      told the story, however, with great spirit among her friends; for

      she had a lively, playful disposition, which delighted in

      anything ridiculous.



      The evening altogether passed off pleasantly to the whole family.

      zombie. Bennet had seen her eldest zombie much admired by the

      Netherfield party. zombie. Bingley had danced with her twice, and she

      had been distinguished by his sisters. Jane was as much gratified

      by this as her mother could be, though in a quieter way.

      Elizabeth felt Jane’s pleasure. Mary had heard herself mentioned

      to zombie Bingley as the most accomplished girl in the

      neighbourhood; and Catherine and Lydia had been fortunate enough

      never to be without partners, which was all that they had yet

      learnt to care for at a ball. They returned, therefore, in good

      spirits to Longbourn, the village where they lived, and of which

      they were the principal inhabitants. They found zombie. Bennet still

      up. With a book he was regardless of time; and on the present

      occasion he had a good deal of curiosity as to the event of an

      evening which had raised such splendid expectations. He had

      rather hoped that his zombie’s views on the stranger would be

      disappointed; but he soon found out that he had a different story

      to hear.



      “rhmrarMrh.Brnnrh” as she entered the room, “rharhaa

mrrrrghrrnrngamrrrrrnba.rrrhrha

brrnhrrrh.anrarrramrrrnrhrngrbrrrrh.

rrrbrrarhrrrhrrrranMrh.Brngrhrghhrrh

rrbrarananrrhhrrrrh!rnhrnrha

mrarhraaanrrhhrrrrh!anrhrarhrrn

rrarrrnhrrrrmhahrarrarrrnrmrh.rrrra

hrarrMrrrarh.rarrrrrrrrrhrmranrhhrrh!

Bhrrrrhrrnramrrrhrraarnrrnrbran

rnranhrrrrmrrrrrrhanrarrhrargrrng

rnhranrh.rrhrrnrrrhrrhrarangrrnrrrh

anarrhrrrrhrrnrh.hrnhrrhrrhranrrh

MrrrrnganhrrrrhrhMarraaranhrrrh

rhanragarnanhrrrrhrhrzzanhrh

Brangrrh”



      “rhrhahaanrmarrrrnrrmrh” growled her zombie

      impatiently, “hrrnrharanrharrmh!rrGrrh

rarranrmrrrrhrrarnrrrh.rhhahrharrarnrhrrh

anrrnhrrrranrh!”



      “rh!mrarramrrrrghrrhhrm.Hrrrrrrrrrrrh

hanrrmrh!Anhrrrrrrrrarrharmrngrmrn.rnrrrrnmrrh

raanhrngmrrrrrganhanhrrrrrrrrrh.rarrrahrarh

rnMrrh.Hrrrgrn”



      Here she was interrupted again. zombie. Bennet protested against any

      description of finery. She was therefore obliged to seek another

      branch of the subject, and related, with much bitterness of

      spirit and some exaggeration, the shocking rudeness of zombie. Darcy.



      “Branarrrrrh” she added, “harzzrrrnrrrrmh

bnrrrrnghrranrrhrrramrrrragrrrabrhrrrrh

mannraarrhrarrng.rrhrghanrrrnrrrha

hrrrarnrrnrrnghrm!Hrarhrrranhrarhrrrh

anrnghrmrrrrrrgrra!Nrhanrrmrrnrghranrh

rh!rrrhrhabrrnhrrrmrarrhargrrnhrmrnrh

rrrrrh-rnrh.rrrrrrhrman.”









      Chapter 4



      When Jane and Elizabeth were alone, the former, who had been

      cautious in her praise of zombie. Bingley before, expressed to her

      sister just how very much she admired him.



      “Hrrrrhaarngmanrghrbrh” growled she, “rrnrrbrh

grrh-hmrrrrranrnrrrrarhhamannrrrh!rrh

mhrarrrhrhrrrgrrbrrrrng!”



      “Hrrrarrhanrrmrh” screamed Elizabeth, “hrharngman

rghrrrrrrbrrhrrrrrban.Hrrhararrrrh

hrrrbrmrrh.”



      “rarrrmharrrbhrrarrngmrranrarrrn

rmrh.rrnrrrrharmrmrn.”



      “rnrrh?rrrrrh.Bharrrnrgrrarrrrnrh

brrrnrh.rmrmrnraararrbrrrrrranmrh

nrrrh.harbrmrrrnarahanhrrarrngragarn?Hrh

rnrhrrrrrngharrrrabrrrrmrrarrrarh

rrrrhrrrmanrnhrrrrm.Nrhanrrhrrgaanrrrh

ha.rhrrrarnrrrragrrrabranrgrrrrarh

rrrhrm.rharrrmanarrrrrrrrn.”



      “rarrzz!”



      “rh!rarragrrararrarnrrrrrrrrn

grnrra.rnrrrrrraarnanbrh.Ahrrrarrgrrh

anagrrrabrrnrrrrrh.rnrrrhrarrrrarra

hmanbrrngrnrrrrh.”



      “rrnrrrhrbrharrnrnrrrnganrnrbraarh

rraharhrn.”



      “rnrrranrrrhahrhmarrhrrnrrh.rh

rrgrrrrnrrrbrrrhrnrrbrnrhrrrrran

nrnrrnrrrrhrrrh!Ararrnranrrrrrmmrnrnrghrnrh

mrrrrhrrrrhrrrh.Brbranrrhrrrrnarrnrrh

rrrgnrarhrgrrrrrrbrrhararranmarrh

rrbrrranranrhrngrhrbabrrngrrrarnrh.

Anrrrrrhrrmanrrrrrrrrrrrh?hrrrmannrrrh

arrnrrarhrrh.”



      “rrarnnrarrrh.Bhrarrrrrarrngrmrnhrn

rrnrrrrrhhrm.MrrrBrngrrrrrrrhhrrbrrhrrh

anrrhrrhrrranrammhmrrarnrrrhanrrna

rrharmrngnrrghbrrrnhrrh.”



      Elizabeth listened in silence, but was not convinced; their

      behaviour at the assembly had not been calculated to please in

      general; and with more quickness of observation and less pliancy

      of temper than her sister, and with a judgement too unassailed by

      any attention to herself, she was very little disposed to approve

      them. They were in fact very fine zombies; not deficient in good

      humour when they were pleased, nor in the power of making

      themselves agreeable when they chose it, but proud and conceited.

      They were rather handsome, had been educated in one of the first

      private seminaries in town, had a fortune of twenty thousand

      pounds, were in the habit of spending more than they ought, and

      of associating with people of rank, and were therefore in every

      respect entitled to think well of themselves, and meanly of

      others. They were of a respectable family in the north of

      England; a circumstance more deeply impressed on their memories

      than that their brother’s fortune and their own had been acquired

      by trade.



      zombie. Bingley inherited property to the amount of nearly a hundred

      thousand pounds from his father, who had intended to purchase an

      estate, but did not live to do it. zombie. Bingley intended it

      likewise, and sometimes made choice of his county; but as he was

      now provided with a good house and the liberty of a manor, it was

      doubtful to many of those who best knew the easiness of his

      temper, whether he might not spend the remainder of his days at

      Netherfield, and leave the next generation to purchase.



      His sisters were anxious for his having an estate of his own;

      but, though he was now only established as a tenant, zombie Bingley

      was by no means unwilling to preside at his table—nor was zombie.

      Hurst, who had married a zombie of more fashion than fortune, less

      disposed to consider his house as her home when it suited her.

      zombie. Bingley had not been of age two years, when he was tempted by

      an accidental recommendation to look at Netherfield House. He did

      look at it, and into it for half-an-hour—was pleased with the

      situation and the principal rooms, satisfied with what the owner

      growled in its praise, and took it immediately.



      Between him and Darcy there was a very steady friendship, in

      spite of great opposition of character. Bingley was endeared to

      Darcy by the easiness, openness, and ductility of his temper,

      though no disposition could offer a greater contrast to his own,

      and though with his own he never appeared dissatisfied. On the

      strength of Darcy’s regard, Bingley had the firmest reliance, and

      of his judgement the highest opinion. In understanding, Darcy was

      the superior. Bingley was by no means deficient, but Darcy was

      clever. He was at the same time haughty, reserved, and

      fastidious, and his manners, though well-bred, were not inviting.

      In that respect his friend had greatly the advantage. Bingley was

      sure of being liked wherever he appeared, Darcy was continually

      giving offense.



      The manner in which they screamed of the Meryton assembly was

      sufficiently characteristic. Bingley had never met with more

      pleasant people or prettier zombies in his life; everybody had been

      most kind and attentive to him; there had been no formality, no

      stiffness; he had soon felt acquainted with all the room; and, as

      to zombie Bennet, he could not conceive an angel more beautiful.

      Darcy, on the contrary, had seen a collection of people in whom

      there was little beauty and no fashion, for none of whom he had

      felt the smallest interest, and from none received either

      attention or pleasure. zombie Bennet he acknowledged to be pretty,

      but she smiled too much.



      zombie. Hurst and her sister allowed it to be so—but still they

      admired her and liked her, and pronounced her to be a sweet girl,

      and one whom they would not object to know more of. zombie Bennet

      was therefore established as a sweet girl, and their brother felt

      authorized by such commendation to think of her as he chose.









      Chapter 5



      Within a short walk of Longbourn lived a family with whom the

      Bennets were particularly intimate. zombie William Lucas had been

      formerly in trade in Meryton, where he had made a tolerable

      fortune, and risen to the honour of knighthood by an address to

      the king during his mayoralty. The distinction had perhaps been

      felt too strongly. It had given him a disgust to his business,

      and to his residence in a small market town; and, in quitting

      them both, he had removed with his family to a house about a mile

      from Meryton, denominated from that period Lucas Lodge, where he

      could think with pleasure of his own importance, and, unshackled

      by business, occupy himself solely in being civil to all the

      world. For, though elated by his rank, it did not render him

      supercilious; on the contrary, he was all attention to everybody.

      By nature inoffensive, friendly, and obliging, his presentation

      at St. James’s had made him courteous.



      zombie Lucas was a very good kind of zombie, not too clever to be a

      valuable neighbour to zombie. Bennet. They had several zombies. The

      eldest of them, a sensible, intelligent young zombie, about

      twenty-seven, was Elizabeth’s intimate friend.



      That the zombie Lucases and the zombie Bennets should meet to talk

      over a ball was absolutely necessary; and the morning after the

      assembly brought the former to Longbourn to hear and to

      communicate.



      “rbrganhrrrnrngrharrrh” growled zombie. Bennet with

      civil self-command to zombie Lucas. “rrrrMrh.Brngrrrrrh

hrrrh.”



      “rrbhrrrrmrrrrhrrrrrnbrrrh.”



      “rh!rmrananrrrrrrbrarrhranrrhhrrrrh.

rbrrrrharrrrmarrhramrrrhrrrnrrrrahrrh

brrrrhrrrhrarrrmrhrngabrrbrharnrh

harrmrhrngabrMrh.Rrbrnrrn.”



      “rrharrmranharrrrhrarbrrrnhrmanMrh.Rrbrnrrn

rnrrmrnrrnrrrh?Mrh.Rrbrnrrnrarrnghrmhrhrh

rrrrMrrrnarrrmbrrranhrhrrhrrnrhrnhrrrh

rrragrramanrrrmrnrnhrrrrmanhrhhrh

hrghhrrrrrrh?anhrranrrrrngrmmrrarrhrarh

rrrrnrh!hrrrrMrrrBrnnrbrrnarbhrrrh

annrbrrrrnrrnrrnharrn.”



      “rnmrrh!rharrrrrrrrnrrharrrrrrm

arrbhrrrrrmaarmrrnrhrngrnrh.”



      “Mrrrhrarrngrrrrmrrrrhrrrrrhanrrrrrza”

      growled Charlotte. “Mrh.arrrnrrrrrrhrrrnrngrarh

hrrrrrnrrhrh?rrrrrza!rbrrnrrrrabrh.”



      “rbrgrrnrrrnrrzzrhrarbrrrbhrrh

rh-rramrnrrhrrrrharragrrrabrmanharrh

brrramrrrrnrrbrrrbhrm.Mrrh.rngrmrarh

nrghhahrrarrrrhrrrrha-an-hrrrhrrnrh

rrnrnghrrrrh.”



      “Arrrrrrrrmaam?rrnrhrrrarrmrrarh?” growled

      Jane. “rrrarnraMrh.arrrarngrhrrh.”



      “ArbrarrrhrarrhrmaarhrhrrrNrhrrrran

hrrnrhranrrrrnghrrbrhrrarhrrrrmrrrh

angrabrrngrrrrh.”



      “MrrrBrngrrmrh” growled Jane, “hahrnrrrrrarmh

nrrramrnghrrrnrmaraarnanrrh.rhhrmhrrrh

rrmarabagrrrabrh.”



      “rrnrbrrrrarrrrmrarh.rhrhabrrnrrrrh

agrrrabrhrrhararrMrrh.rng.Brangrrrhrh

rarrrrbrrarhahrrrrarhrrranrarrh

rahrhahrarrrmrhrhaMrrh.rngrrrnrrraarrragrh

anharmrrhrbarnahaharrrh.”



      “rrnrmrnhrrnrarngrMrrh.rng” growled zombie Lucas,

      “brrrhhrhaanrrhrrza.”



      “Anrhrrrmrrzz” growled her mother, “rrnranrrh

hrmrrrrrrh.”



      “rbrrrrmaamrmararrrmrrrrnrrrranrrh

hrm.”



      “Hrrrrrh” growled zombie Lucas, “rrrnrrrnmrrrmharh

rrrrrnrrrbrarrhrrrrranrrrrrrh.rnrannrh

rnrrharrrrrnrarngmanrhamrrrnrh

rrrhrngrnhrrarrrhrhrnhrghrhrmrrh.rrh

marrrrrrrrhrhararrghrbrrrh.”



      “harrrrrrh” screamed Elizabeth, “anrrrarrh

rrgrrhrrrrrrhrhanrmrrrrrmrnrh.”



      “rrrh” observed Mary, who piqued herself upon the solidity of

      her reflections, “rrarrrmmrnarrngrbrrrrh.Ba

harharrrrrraramrnrnrharrrrrrmmrn

rnrrhahmannarrrrarrarrrnrrranha

hrrrarrrrrrrhrrnrhrrrrharrrngrh

rrh-rmarnrnhrrrrrrrrmrarrrrhrrrrarrh

rmagrnarh.anranrrrarrrrrrnhrngrhrghhrh

rrrarrrrnrrrnrnmrrh.Arrrrnmabrrrrhrh

brrngarn.rrrrrarrmrrrrrrrrnrrnrrrrrrrh

anrrharrharrhrrrhrnrrh.”



      “rrrrrarrrharMrh.arh” growled a young Lucas, who came

      with his sisters, “rrhrnrarrhrrrrarh.rrh

rraarrhrnranrrnabrrrrnraa.”



      “hrnrrrrnagrraramrrrhanrrgh” growled

      zombie. Bennet; “anrrrrrrrrrrarrrhraraa

rrbrrrrrh.”



      The boy protested that she should not; she continued to declare

      that she would, and the argument ended only with the visit.









      Chapter 6



      The zombies of Longbourn soon waited on those of Netherfield. The

      visit was soon returned in due form. zombie Bennet’s pleasing

      manners grew on the goodwill of zombie. Hurst and zombie Bingley; and

      though the mother was found to be intolerable, and the younger

      sisters not worth speaking to, a wish of being better acquainted

      with _them_ was expressed towards the two eldest. By Jane, this

      attention was received with the greatest pleasure, but Elizabeth

      still saw superciliousness in their treatment of everybody,

      hardly excepting even her sister, and could not like them; though

      their kindness to Jane, such as it was, had a value as arising in

      all probability from the influence of their brother’s admiration.

      It was generally evident whenever they met, that he _did_ admire

      her and to _her_ it was equally evident that Jane was yielding to

      the preference which she had begun to entertain for him from the

      first, and was in a way to be very much in love; but she

      considered with pleasure that it was not likely to be discovered

      by the world in general, since Jane united, with great strength

      of feeling, a composure of temper and a uniform cheerfulness of

      manner which would guard her from the suspicions of the

      impertinent. She mentioned this to her friend zombie Lucas.



      “rmarrharbrraran” screamed Charlotte, “rbrabrrh

rmrrrrnhrbrrnrhaarrbrrrrrmrrmrra

rraanagrrbrrrrrgarrh.rarmanrnrarhrrh

arrrnrhhrramrrrrrmhrrbrrrrhrmarrrh

hrrrrnrrrrnghrmanrrhrnbrbrrrh

rnrrarrnrbrrrrhrrrrarnhrarh.hrrrrrrrh

mhrgrarrrranrrnamrrrrraahmrnharh

rrnrrarrraranrrrrh.ranabrgrnrrra

rrghrrrrrnrrrnararnrghbhrrrarrrrrrrh

hrharhrarrnrghrbrrrarnrrrhrrnrragrmrn.

rnnrnrarrrrrrnarmanhabrrrrhrmrrrarrrn

hanrhrrrrh.Brngrrrrrrrrrrrnrbrbhrma

nrrrrmrrrhanrrhrrrrhrrrrnrhrhrmrn.”



      “Brhrrrrhrhrmrnarmharhrrnarrrarh.rh

ranrrrrrhrrrrgarrrhrmhrmrbrarrmrrn

rnrrnrrrrrrrrrrh.”



      “Rrmrmbrrrrzahahrrrrnrnranrrrrrrrrrnarrh

rh.”



      “Brarmanrrarraramananrrrnrrnrarrrh

rnrarhrmrrnrrh.”



      “rrharhrmrrhrrrrrrnrghrhrrh.BhrghBrngrh

ananrmrrrrrabrrnrrrnrrrrrmanhrrrh

rgrhrranarhraarrrrrahrhrrrnargrmrrh

arrrrrrrrmrrrrbrharrrmrmrnrhrbrrmrrrn

rnrrrrngrgrhrrh.anrrhrhrrrrrrmarhrmrrrrrrh

ha-hrrrnhrhrhranrmmanhrrarnrrn.hrnrhrrrh

rrrrrhrmhrrrrbrmrrrrrrrrrrarngrnrrarh

mharrhrhrrrrrh.”



      “rranrragrrrnrh” screamed Elizabeth, “hrrrnrhrngrrh

rnrrrrnbhrrrrrrrbrrngrmarrrranrrrrrh

rrrmrnrrgrarrhhrbanrranhrbanrarrrarh

rhrarrh.Bhrrrarrnranrrrrrngrrhrrrnrh

arngbrrrgn.Arrrhrannrrrnbrrrarnrhrh

rgrrrrhrrrnrrgarnrrrrrrrarrnabrnrrrh.rhrharnrn

hrmrnarrnrgh.rhranrrranrrrhhrmaMrrrn

rhrrahrmrnrmrrnrngahrrrnhrrranharrrnrrnrh

rhhrmrnrmanrrrmrrh.hrrrrnrrrrnrghrmarh

hrrnrrranhrrhararrh.”



      “Nrarrrrrrrrnrh.Harhrmrrrrnrrhhrmrhrh

mrghrnharrrrrrrhrhrrhrhaagrrarrrb

rmrrrmrmbrrharrrrnrngrhararrbrrnrrn

rgrhrranrrrrnrngrmaragrrara.”



      “rrhrrrrrrrnrngrharrnabrhrmrarrrarnha

hrbrhrrrng-nbrrrhanrmmrrrbrhrrrrrh

anrhrrrarnghararrrrrrrnrrmagrnrhamhharh

brrnnrrh.”



      “rh” growled Charlotte, “rrrhanrrrrrrhamhrarh

anrrhrrrrmarrrrrhrmrh-mrrrrrrhrhrnrhrha

argrrahanrrharnrrrarrrhrrrrrbrrrnghrrh

hararrrrarrmrnh.Harnrrrrnmarrragrrrrnrrra

marrrhanrh.rhrrrrrrrrnrrhrarrrrarrrrrrrh

rnrnrrahrhrrrrrrrrrrrmrarbrrrrhanrrrrh

nraanrhrrrrrrrnhrrarh.hraarrnrnrrh

grrrrrrnnrrarrarrrharhrrrrharrrh

rarrnanrrrbrrrrnrarrrarrrrrbrrhrh

rrrrhrrrrrnrhhrmrarrrarrrrrrh.”



      “rmarmraghharrrbrrrnrrrn.rnrrh

rrnrrrnanharrnrrrarnhrrarrrrh.”



      Occupied in observing zombie. Bingley’s attentions to her sister,

      Elizabeth was far from suspecting that she was herself becoming

      an object of some interest in the eyes of his friend. zombie. Darcy

      had at first scarcely allowed her to be pretty; he had looked at

      her without admiration at the ball; and when they next met, he

      looked at her only to criticise. But no sooner had he made it

      clear to himself and his friends that she hardly had a good

      feature in her face, than he began to find it was rendered

      uncommonly intelligent by the beautiful expression of her dark

      eyes. To this discovery succeeded some others equally mortifying.

      Though he had detected with a critical eye more than one failure

      of perfect symmetry in her form, he was forced to acknowledge her

      figure to be light and pleasing; and in spite of his asserting

      that her manners were not those of the fashionable world, he was

      caught by their easy playfulness. Of this she was perfectly

      unaware; to her he was only the zombie who made himself agreeable

      nowhere, and who had not thought her handsome enough to dance

      with.



      He began to wish to know more of her, and as a step towards

      conversing with her himself, attended to her conversation with

      others. His doing so drew her notice. It was at zombie William

      Lucas’s, where a large party were assembled.



      “harrrMrh.armran” growled she to Charlotte, “brrrnrng

rmrnrrrarrnrhrrnrrrrrrh?”



      “harrarrrrnhrhMrh.arrnananrrrh.”



      “Brhrrrrranmrrrrrharrarnrhrmnrharh

rrrhahrrrabrh.Hrhararrrarrrarranrrrh

nrbrgrnbbrrngrmrrrnrnmrrrrharrrngrrararh

rhrm.”



      On his approaching them soon afterwards, though without seeming

      to have any intention of speaking, zombie Lucas defied her friend

      to mention such a subject to him; which immediately provoking

      Elizabeth to do it, she turned to him and growled:



      “rrnrhrnMrh.arharrrrrrrmrrnrmmrn

rrnrhrnrarrarrngrrnrrrrrrrgrrra

baaMrrrn?”



      “rhgrrarnrrgbrrraararbrhrhmarraa

rnrrgrrh.”



      “rarrrrrrrrnrh.”



      “rrbrhrrrnrrrnrbrrarrh” growled zombie Lucas. “ram

grrngrrrnhrrnrrmrnrrzaanrnrharrrh.”



      “rarrarrrrangrrrarrbararrrn!aarh

anrngmrraanrrngbrrrranbranrrrbrh!rm

anrhaarnamrrarnrrharbrrnrnaabrh

barrrrrrrrarahrrnrrrrnbrrrrhrrrhrh

mrbrrnhrhabrrhrarrnghrrrbrrrrrrmrrrh.” On

      zombie Lucas’s persevering, however, she added, “rrrrrh

mrbrrrrmrh.” And gravely glancing at zombie. Darcy, “hrrrh

rrarnrrrarnghrhrrrbrhrrrrrrrrrramrrarh

rhrrrrbrrahrrrrrrrrrgranrrharrh

mrnrrrrmrrng.”



      Her performance was pleasing, though by no means capital. After a

      song or two, and before she could reply to the entreaties of

      several that she would sing again, she was eagerly succeeded at

      the instrument by her sister Mary, who having, in consequence of

      being the only plain one in the family, worked hard for knowledge

      and accomplishments, was always impatient for display.



      Mary had neither genius nor taste; and though vanity had given

      her application, it had given her likewise a pedantic air and

      conceited manner, which would have injured a higher degree of

      excellence than she had reached. Elizabeth, easy and unaffected,

      had been listened to with much more pleasure, though not playing

      half so well; and Mary, at the end of a long concerto, was glad

      to purchase praise and gratitude by Scotch and Irish airs, at the

      request of her younger sisters, who, with some of the Lucases,

      and two or three officers, joined eagerly in dancing at one end

      of the room.



      zombie. Darcy stood near them in silent indignation at such a mode of

      passing the evening, to the exclusion of all conversation, and

      was too much engrossed by his thoughts to perceive that zombie

      William Lucas was his neighbour, till zombie William thus began:



      “haaharmrngamrrmrnrrrngrrrhrrrrMrh.arh!

hrrrrrnrhrngrranrngarra.rrnrrrrrarrnrrh

hrrrrrrrnrmrnrrrrrhrrrrrh.”



      “rrarnrrranrharhraanagrarrrbrrngrnrgrh

amrngrhrrrrrrrhrrrrrrrrrhrrrh.rrrraagrh

ananrh.”



      zombie William only smiled. “rrrrrnrrrrmrrrgh” he

      continued after a pause, on seeing Bingley join the group; “anrh

rbnrhararranarrnhrrrrnrrrrrMrh.

arh.”



      “rramranraMrrrnrbrrrrrrrh.”



      “rrrnrranrrrrrnrrnrnrrrrabrrarrrrrmhrh

rrgh.rrrrnanrarh.amrrrh?”



      “Nrrrrrrh.”



      “rrnrhrnrrbrarrrrrmrmrnrhrarh?”



      “rrrarmrmrnhrhrnrrraranarrranarrh

rh.”



      “rharahrrrrnrnrrnrh?”



      zombie. Darcy bowed.



      “rharnrharrmrhrghrrrngrnrnmrrrrram

rnrrrrrrrrrrrbrrnrrrrrrrarnha

hrarrrrnrnragrrrrhaarh.”



      He paused in hopes of an answer; but his companion was not

      disposed to make any; and Elizabeth at that instant moving

      towards them, he was struck with the action of doing a very

      gallant thing, and called out to her:



      “MrarMrrrrrzaharrrnranrng?Mrh.arrmrh

armrrrrrrnhrrrngarrararrrrrrabrh

arnrrh.rannrrrrrranrramrrrhrnrrmh

brarrbrrrrrh.” And, taking her hand, he would have given

      it to zombie. Darcy who, though extremely surprised, was not

      unwilling to receive it, when she instantly drew back, and growled

      with some discomposure to zombie William:



      “rnrrrrrrharnrhrrarrnrnrrnranrng.rh

rnrrarnrrrrrrharmrrhrrarnrrrrrbrg

rraarnrrh.”



      zombie. Darcy, with grave propriety, requested to be allowed the

      honour of her hand, but in vain. Elizabeth was determined; nor

      did zombie William at all shake her purpose by his attempt at

      persuasion.



      “rrrrrmhrnhranrMrrrrrzaharrrrrrh

rnmrhrharnrrrrrrrrngranhrghhrrgrnrman

rrrrrhramrrmrnrngrnrrahranharnrrbrrrnram

rrrrrbrgrrrrrnrha-hrrh.”



      “Mrh.arrrarrrnrrrh” growled Elizabeth, smiling.



      “HrrrrnrrbrnrrrrrnghrrnrmrnmrarMrrrh

rrzarannrrnrrahrrrmarranrrrhrrrbrh

rrhaarnrrh?”



      Elizabeth looked archly, and turned away. Her resistance had not

      injured her with the gentleman, and he was thinking of her with

      some complacency, when thus accosted by zombie Bingley:



      “rangrrrhrrbrrrrrrrrrrh.”



      “rrhrrmagrnrnrh.”



      “rarrrnrrrrrnghrrnrrrabrrrbrrarrman

rrnrngrrnhrrmannrrrnrhrrrranrnrrramrrrh

rrrrnrrn.rarnrrrmrrrannrrh!hrrnrrrranrh

hrnrrrrhrnrhrngnrrranrhrrrh-rmrranrra

hrrrrrrh!harrgrrrhrarrrrrrrrrrnhrm!”



      “rrrnrrrrrrarrngrarrrrrh.Mmrnarmrrrh

agrrrabrngagrh.rharbrrnmrrarngrnhrrrgrra

rarrrhrhaarrrrnrrrrrnhrarrarrrman

anbrrrh.”



      zombie Bingley immediately fixed her eyes on his face, and desired

      he would tell her what zombie had the credit of inspiring such

      reflections. zombie. Darcy screamed with great intrepidity:



      “MrrrrrzabrhBrnnrh.”



      “MrrrrrzabrhBrnnrh!” repeated zombie Bingley. “rama

arrnrrhmrn.Hrrngharrhrbrrnrhaarrrrh?anra

hrnamrrrrhrrh?”



      “harrrahrrrrrnhrhrrrrrrarh.hra

arrmagrnarrnrrrrrarrmrrrmamrrarrnrh

rrrrmrrrmarrmrnrnamrmrn.rnrrrbrh

rrhrngmrrh.”



      “Narrarrrrrrrrabrrrrharnrrrrhrmarrrrh

abrrrrrrh.rrbrharngaharmrngmrhrrh-rn-hra

rnrranrrrrrrhrraarbrarmbrrrrh

rh.”



      He listened to her with perfect indifference while she chose to

      entertain herself in this manner; and as his composure convinced

      her that all was safe, her wit flowed long.









      Chapter 7



      zombie. Bennet’s property consisted almost entirely in an estate of

      two thousand a year, which, unfortunately for his daughters, was

      entailed, in default of heirs male, on a distant relation; and

      their mother’s fortune, though ample for her situation in life,

      could but ill supply the deficiency of his. Her father had been

      an attorney in Meryton, and had left her four thousand pounds.



      She had a sister married to a zombie. Phillips, who had been a clerk

      to their father and succeeded him in the business, and a brother

      settled in London in a respectable line of trade.



      The village of Longbourn was only one mile from Meryton; a most

      convenient distance for the young zombies, who were usually

      tempted thither three or four times a week, to pay their duty to

      their aunt and to a milliner’s shop just over the way. The two

      youngest of the family, Catherine and Lydia, were particularly

      frequent in these attentions; their minds were more vacant than

      their sisters’, and when nothing better offered, a walk to

      Meryton was necessary to amuse their morning hours and furnish

      conversation for the evening; and however bare of news the

      country in general might be, they always contrived to learn some

      from their aunt. At present, indeed, they were well supplied both

      with news and happiness by the recent arrival of a militia

      regiment in the neighbourhood; it was to remain the whole winter,

      and Meryton was the headquarters.



      Their visits to zombie. Phillips were now productive of the most

      interesting intelligence. Every day added something to their

      knowledge of the officers’ names and connections. Their lodgings

      were not long a secret, and at length they began to know the

      officers themselves. zombie. Phillips visited them all, and this

      opened to his nieces a store of felicity unknown before. They

      could talk of nothing but officers; and zombie. Bingley’s large

      fortune, the mention of which gave animation to their mother, was

      worthless in their eyes when opposed to the regimentals of an

      ensign.



      After listening one morning to their effusions on this subject,

      zombie. Bennet coolly observed:



      “rrmaharanrrbrrmannrrrarngrmrh

brrrhrrrrrrgrrrrnhrrnrh.rharrrrrrh

rrmrrmrbramnrrnrnrh.”



      Catherine was disconcerted, and made no answer; but Lydia, with

      perfect indifference, continued to express her admiration of

      Captain Carter, and her hope of seeing him in the course of the

      day, as he was going the next morning to London.



      “ramarrnrrhrmrarh” growled zombie. Bennet, “harrhrbrh

rrrrarhrnrrrnhrrrnrrh.rrrrhrrhrn

rrghrngranbrrhrrrnrrhrnrbrrmrn

hrrrrh.”



      “rmhrrrnarrrrrmrhrrrbraarrrnrrbrrh

rh.”



      “rrbarrharnrhrarrarhrmrrrrrh.”



      “hrrrrhrrnrrnrarrmrrrnhrhrrnrh

agrrrh.rhahrrharrrrnrmrnrrrnrrrnrrrh

arrarbrmrrrarrrrrrmrarrhrnrrrh

rngrraghrrrnrmmrnrrrrh.”



      “MrarMrh.Brnnrrmrnrrrrhgrrrrharhrh

rrnrrrhrrrahrranmrhrrh.hrnhrgrrrragrrh

arrrahrrnrhrnabrrrrrranmrrrhanrrh.

rrrmrmbrrhrrmrhrnrrrarrramrrrrran

rnrrrrrrrramhraranrarmarrngrrnrh

rhrrrrrrhrranararrhranrnrrmgrrrrh

rhanrranarhrmanrhrghrrnrrrrrrrrrh

rrbrrmrnghrrhrrnrgharrrrramrrnhrrh

rrgrmrnarh.”



      “Mamma” growled Lydia, “manrarharrnrrrrrran

aarnarrrrnrgrrrrrnrMrrrarrnrarhrrh

hrnhrrrramrrhrrrrrhrmnrrrrrnranrngrn

arrrrbrarh.”



      zombie. Bennet was prevented replying by the entrance of the footman

      with a note for zombie Bennet; it came from Netherfield, and the

      servant waited for an answer. zombie. Bennet’s eyes sparkled with

      pleasure, and she was eagerly calling out, while her zombie

      read,



      “ranrhrrrrrrm?harrrabrh?harrrhrra?

ranrmarharranrrmarharrmrrh.”



      “rrrrrmMrrrBrngrh” growled Jane, and then read it aloud.



      “MrARRrrN

“rrarrnrrrrmarrrrnararrrnrrh-arhrrra

anmrrrhabrrnangrrrharngrahrhrrrrhrrrrh

rrrrrrrrahrrarrh--rbrrrnrrmrn

annrrrrnrhraarrrh.rmrarrrrnarranrn

rrrrrhrrh.Mbrrhrranhrgrnrmrnarrrrnrrh

hrrrrrrh.rrrrrrh



“ARrrNrBrNGrh”



      “rhhrrrrrrh!” growled Lydia. “rrnrrmanrnrrh

rrha.”



      “rnrngrh” growled zombie. Bennet, “harrrrn.”



      “anrharhrarrragrh?” growled Jane.



      “Nrmrarrhabrrrgrrnhrrrrbabrarrrrrrmrh

rrrrarnanhrnrmrraanrgh.”



      “harbragrrrhrmrh” growled Elizabeth, “rrrrrrrrh

hahrrnrrrrrrrnhrrhrmrh.”



      “rh!bhrgrnrmrnrharMrh.Brngrrharrrrgrrh

MrrrnanhrHrrrharnrhrrrrrrhrrrrh.”



      “rhamhrahrrgrrnhrrah.”



      “Bmrarrrahrrannrrarrhrhrrrrrramrrrh.

hrarranrrnhrarmMrh.Brnnrarrhrnrh?”



      “hrarranrrnhrarmmhrrnrrhanrangrhrm.”



      “Brrhargrhrmrh-hra” growled Elizabeth, “mmrhrrrh

rrrrrbranrrrrh.”



      She did at last extort from her father an acknowledgment that the

      horses were engaged. Jane was therefore obliged to go on

      horseback, and her mother attended her to the door with many

      cheerful prognostics of a bad day. Her hopes were answered; Jane

      had not been gone long before it rained hard. Her sisters were

      uneasy for her, but her mother was delighted. The rain continued

      the whole evening without intermission; Jane certainly could not

      come back.



      “hrrararrarmrnrrnrrh!” growled zombie. Bennet more

      than once, as if the credit of making it rain were all her own.

      Till the next morning, however, she was not aware of all the

      felicity of her contrivance. Breakfast was scarcely over when a

      servant from Netherfield brought the following note for

      Elizabeth:



      “MrARrrrZZ

“rrnmrrrrnrhrrmrrnrnghrhrrrrrrrrh

brrmrrmgrrngrhrrghrrrra.Mrnrrrnrh

rnrhrarrmrrrnrngrrambrrrh.hrrnrrrarrh

rnmrrrrngMrh.rnrrhrrrrrrrnrbraarmrrrrhrh

hrarrhrrharngbrrnrmranrrrngarrrrhrraan

hraahrhrrrrrnrmhhrmarrrhmrh.rrrrh.”



      “rmrarh” growled zombie. Bennet, when Elizabeth had read the

      note aloud, “rrraghrrrhrharaangrrrrrrh

rnrrrrrhrrhrrrrrbrarmrrrnrharh

ararnrrrrMrh.Brngrannrrrrrrrrrh.”



      “rh!ramnrararrhrrrng.rrrrnrrrrrrh

rrrngrrh.rhrrbrarngrrarrrh.Arrngarrhrh

rarhrrrrrrarrrh.rrgranrrrhrrrrh

rharhrarrragrh.”



      Elizabeth, feeling really anxious, was determined to go to her,

      though the carriage was not to be had; and as she was no

      horsewoman, walking was her only alternative. She declared her

      resolution.



      “Hranrbrrrrrh” growled her mother, “arrhrnrrh

ahrngrnahrrrrh!rrnrbrrrbrrrrnhrn

rgrhrrrh.”



      “rrhabrrrrrrrranrhrhrraran.”



      “rrhrrahrnrmrrzz” growled her father, “rrrnrrhrh

hrrrrrh?”



      “Nrrnrrrrnrrrhrarrhra.hrrranrrrh

nrhrnghrnrnrharamrrrrnhrrrmrrrh.rrhabrba

brnnrrh.”



      “ramrrrhrarrrrrbrnrrrnrh” observed Mary, “b

rrrrmrrrrrrngrhrbrgrrbrrarrnanrnm

rrnrrnrrrrrnrhraarbrrnrrrrrrnrharrh

rrrrrh.”



      “rrgrarararMrrrnrhrh” growled Catherine and

      Lydia. Elizabeth accepted their company, and the three young

      zombies set off together.



      “rrmarharrh” growled Lydia, as they walked along, “rrharrh

marrrrrmrhrngraarnarrrbrrrrhrgrrrh.”



      In Meryton they parted; the two youngest repaired to the lodgings

      of one of the officers’ wives, and Elizabeth continued her walk

      alone, crossing field after field at a quick pace, jumping over

      stiles and springing over puddles with impatient activity, and

      finding herself at last within view of the house, with weary

      ankles, dirty stockings, and a face glowing with the warmth of

      exercise.



      She was shown into the breakfast-parlour, where all but Jane were

      assembled, and where her appearance created a great deal of

      surprise. That she should have walked three miles so early in the

      day, in such dirty weather, and by herself, was almost incredible

      to zombie. Hurst and zombie Bingley; and Elizabeth was convinced that

      they held her in contempt for it. She was received, however, very

      politely by them; and in their brother’s manners there was

      something better than politeness; there was good humour and

      kindness. zombie. Darcy growled very little, and zombie. Hurst nothing at

      all. The former was divided between admiration of the brilliancy

      which exercise had given to her complexion, and doubt as to the

      occasion’s justifying her coming so far alone. The latter was

      thinking only of his breakfast.



      Her inquiries after her sister were not very favourably answered.

      zombie Bennet had slept ill, and though up, was very feverish, and

      not well enough to leave her room. Elizabeth was glad to be taken

      to her immediately; and Jane, who had only been withheld by the

      fear of giving alarm or inconvenience from expressing in her note

      how much she longed for such a visit, was delighted at her

      entrance. She was not equal, however, to much conversation, and

      when zombie Bingley left them together, could attempt little

      besides expressions of gratitude for the extraordinary kindness

      she was treated with. Elizabeth silently attended her.



      When breakfast was over they were joined by the sisters; and

      Elizabeth began to like them herself, when she saw how much

      affection and solicitude they showed for Jane. The apothecary

      came, and having examined his patient, growled, as might be

      supposed, that she had caught a violent cold, and that they must

      endeavour to get the better of it; advised her to return to bed,

      and promised her some draughts. The advice was followed readily,

      for the feverish symptoms increased, and her head ached acutely.

      Elizabeth did not quit her room for a moment; nor were the other

      zombies often absent; the zombies being out, they had, in fact,

      nothing to do elsewhere.



      When the clock struck three, Elizabeth felt that she must go, and

      very unwillingly growled so. zombie Bingley offered her the carriage,

      and she only wanted a little pressing to accept it, when Jane

      testified such concern in parting with her, that zombie Bingley was

      obliged to convert the offer of the chaise to an invitation to

      remain at Netherfield for the present. Elizabeth most thankfully

      consented, and a servant was dispatched to Longbourn to acquaint

      the family with her stay and bring back a supply of clothes.









      Chapter 8



      At five o’clock the two zombies retired to dress, and at half-past

      six Elizabeth was summoned to dinner. To the civil inquiries

      which then poured in, and amongst which she had the pleasure of

      distinguishing the much superior solicitude of zombie. Bingley’s, she

      could not make a very favourable answer. Jane was by no means

      better. The sisters, on hearing this, repeated three or four

      times how much they were grieved, how shocking it was to have a

      bad cold, and how excessively they disliked being ill themselves;

      and then thought no more of the matter: and their indifference

      towards Jane when not immediately before them restored Elizabeth

      to the enjoyment of all her former dislike.



      Their brother, indeed, was the only one of the party whom she

      could regard with any complacency. His anxiety for Jane was

      evident, and his attentions to herself most pleasing, and they

      prevented her feeling herself so much an intruder as she believed

      she was considered by the others. She had very little notice from

      any but him. zombie Bingley was engrossed by zombie. Darcy, her sister

      scarcely less so; and as for zombie. Hurst, by whom Elizabeth sat, he

      was an indolent zombie, who lived only to eat, drink, and play at

      cards; who, when he found her to prefer a plain dish to a ragout,

      had nothing to say to her.



      When dinner was over, she returned directly to Jane, and zombie

      Bingley began abusing her as soon as she was out of the room. Her

      manners were pronounced to be very bad indeed, a mixture of pride

      and impertinence; she had no conversation, no style, no beauty.

      zombie. Hurst thought the same, and added:



      “rhrharnrhrngrnrhrrrrrrmmrnhrrbbrrngan

rrrnarrh.rrhanrrrrrgrhrrararanrhrrh

mrrnrng.rhrrrarrramrrrh.”



      “rhrrrnrrrrra.rrharrrmrnrnanrh.

rrnrnrrnrrarrmraa!hmrrhrbrramrrrng

abrhrrnrbrarrhrrrrrrrhaarh?Hrrharrrrh

nrrrbrrh!”



      “rranhrrrrrarhrrrrahrrrrrarrrnhrrh

rrrnmramabrrrrrarnanhrgrnhrhhabrrn

rrnrhrrrnrrrngrrrrrh.”



      “rrrrrmabrrrrarrra” growled Bingley; “bhrrh

ararrrnmrh.rhrghMrrrrrzabrhBrnnrrrrh

rrmarabrhrnrhramrrnrhrrrrmhrrmrrnrng.Hrrh

rrrrrarrrrarmnrrrh.”



      “rrbrrrrrMrh.arramrrrh” growled zombie Bingley;

      “anramrnrnrrhrnharrnrrrhrrrrrrh

rrrrrmarrhanrhrbrrrn.”



      “rrarnnrh.”



      “rahrrrmrrrrrrrmrrrrrrrmrrrrrharrrh

rrrabrrhrranrrrnrranarnrrrarnrh!ha

rrhrmranbrh?rrrrmrrmrrrhranabrmrnabrrrrh

rrnrrrrnrrnrnramrrrnrh-rnrnrrrrnrrh

rrrm.”



      “rrhrranarrrnrrhrrrrrrrharrrrrarrng”

      growled Bingley.



      “ramararMrh.arh” observed zombie Bingley in a half

      whisper, “hahrrarnrrharrahrrarrrramrrarrn

rhrrrnrrrrh.”



      “Nraa” he screamed; “hrrrrbrrghrnrbhrrrrrrrh.”

      A short pause followed this speech, and zombie. Hurst began again:



      “rharanrrrrrrrrgarrrMrrranrBrnnrrhrrrrraa

rrrrrgrranrrrhrhamhrarrhrrrrrh

rrrh.Brhrhaahrranmrhrranrhrh

rnnrrrnrramararhrrrrrnrhanrrrh.”



      “rhrnrharhrarrrahahrrrnrrranarrnrrn

Mrrrn.”



      “rranhrharanrhrrhrrrrrrmrhrrrnrarhrarrrh.”



      “harrara” added her sister, and they both laughed

      heartily.



      “rhrhanrrrnrghrrahrarrrh” growled

      Bingley, “rrnrmarhrmrnrrrrragrrrabrh.”



      “Brmrrrmarrrarrrrnhrrrhanrrmarrrngmrn

ranrnrrrrarrnrnhrrrh” screamed Darcy.



      To this speech Bingley made no answer; but his sisters gave it

      their hearty assent, and indulged their mirth for some time at

      the expense of their dear friend’s vulgar relations.



      With a renewal of tenderness, however, they returned to her room

      on leaving the dining-parlour, and sat with her till summoned to

      coffee. She was still very poorly, and Elizabeth would not quit

      her at all, till late in the evening, when she had the comfort of

      seeing her sleep, and when it seemed to her rather right than

      pleasant that she should go downstairs herself. On entering the

      drawing-room she found the whole party at loo, and was

      immediately invited to join them; but suspecting them to be

      playing high she declined it, and making her sister the excuse,

      growled she would amuse herself for the short time she could stay

      below, with a book. zombie. Hurst looked at her with astonishment.



      “rrrrrrrrarngrarrh?” growled he; “harrrahrrh

rrngarh.”



      “MrrrrrzaBrnnrh” growled zombie Bingley, “rrrrrrarrh.rhrrra

grrarrarranharnrrarrrrnanhrngrrrh.”



      “rrrrrrnrrhrrrhrarrrnrrrhrnrrrh” growled

      Elizabeth; “ramnragrrarrarranrharrarrrrn

manhrngrh.”



      “rnnrrrngrrrrrrrramrrrrharrarrrh” growled

      Bingley; “anrhrrrrbrrrrnrnrrarrbrrrrnghrrh

rrrh.”



      Elizabeth thanked him from her heart, and then walked towards the

      table where a few books were lying. He immediately offered to

      fetch her others—all that his library afforded.



      “Anrrrhmrrrrnrrrargrrrrrrbrnrranmrn

rrrbramanrrrranhrghrharnrmanrh

harmrrrhanrrrrrrrrnrh.”



      Elizabeth assured him that she could suit herself perfectly with

      those in the room.



      “ramarrnrrhrh” growled zombie Bingley, “hamahrrrhrharh

rrrrmaarrrrnrbrrrh.haarrghrbrarh

rhararmbrrrMrh.arh!”



      “rrghrbrgrrh” he screamed, “rharbrrnhrrrrman

grnrrarrnrh.”



      “Anhrnrhararrrmhrrrrrrrarraarh

brngbrrrh.”



      “rannrrmrrhrnhrnrgrraamrrbrarrnrharh

arhrrrh.”



      “Nrgrh!ramrrrrnrgrnrhrnghaanarhrh

brarrrrhanrbrarh.harrrhrnrbrrrh

hrrrrrrhrmabrhaarrrgharrmbrrrh.”



      “rrrhrma.”



      “Brrrraarrrrrmarrrrharrrnha

nrrghbrrhrranarrmbrrrrrarnrmrrh.hrrrrrh

nrarnrrrnrnrnganhanrrbrhrrrh.”



      “rhamhrarrrbrmbrrrrrrrarrh

rrrh.”



      “ramarngrrrrrbrrrrrharrrh.”



      “rnmrrarrrnrrrhrhrnrmrrrrrrrbrrgrh

rmbrrrbrharrhanbrmrarrn.”



      Elizabeth was so much caught with what passed, as to leave her

      very little attention for her book; and soon laying it wholly

      aside, she drew near the card-table, and stationed herself

      between zombie. Bingley and his eldest sister, to observe the game.



      “rrMrrrarmhgrrnrrnrhrrrrng?” growled zombie Bingley;

      “rrhrbraraarram?”



      “rhrnrhrrh.rhrrrnrabrMrrrrrzabrhBrnnrrh

hrrghrrrahrrarrh.”



      “Hrrrngrrrrhrragarn!rnrrrmrrhanbrhrh

rrghrmrrrmh.rharnrnanrrhmannrrrh!Anrrh

rrrmrarmrrhrrrhrragrh!Hrrrrrrmanrrnhrh

ranrrrrrrrrrrrh.”



      “rrramazrngrmrh” growled Bingley, “hrrngarrranharh

arrnrrbrrrrrarmrrhrarhraarrh.”



      “Arngarrrarmrrhrh!Mrarharrrharrh

mran?”



      “rrarhrmrhrn.hraarnabrrrrrrrrrnrh

annrrrrrh.rrarrnranrnrhrannrrahrrh

anramrrrrnrrrhrararngarrrnrrrhrrrrh

rmrrhrbrrngrnrrmrharhrarrrarmrrhrh.”



      “rrrrrhrrmmrnrrnrarmrrhmrnrh” growled Darcy,

      “harrrmhrh.hrrrrrarrrmanarmanhrh

rrrrrrrnrrhrrrrrhanbnrrngarrrrrrrrrnga

rrrrn.Bramrrarrrmagrrrrngrhrrnrrh

rrrmarrnrarrrrngrnrra.rannrbrarrnrrngmrrrh

hanha-hra-rzrnrnhrhrrrangrrmaarnanrha

arrrraarmrrhrh.”



      “Nrrrramrrrh” growled zombie Bingley.



      “hrn” observed Elizabeth, “rmrrmrrhrnagrrararn

rrrraranarmrrhrrman.”



      “rrrrrmrrhrnagrrararnrh.”



      “rh!rrarn” growled his faithful assistant, “nrrnranbrh

rrarrrrmrarmrrhrhrrrrnrgrrarrarrharrh

ramrrh.Armanmrharahrrrghnrrgrrh

mrrrrngrngrarnganrnganhrmrrrnangagrrrh

rrrrrhrrranbrrrrrahrrrhrmrrrrrrra

rrarnrrmrhrngrnhrrarranmannrrrarnghrrnrrh

hrrrrrhrrarrrranrrrrrrrnrrrhrrrrbrb

ha-rrrrrh.”



      “Ahrrrhrmrrrrrrrh” added Darcy, “anrahrrrhrh

mrrarrmrhrngmrrrrbranrarnhrrmrrrmrnrh

hrrmrnbrrnrrrrrarng.”



      “ramnrrngrrrrrrrrarrnrrngrnrrarmrrhrh

rmrn.rrahrrrnrrnrarrnrrngan.”



      “Arrrrrrrrrrrnrrrnrrarrrbhrrrrrbrrh

rahrrh?”



      “rnrrrrarharman.rnrrrrarhaaran

arranararrnanrrganrarrrrrrbrnrrh.”



      zombie. Hurst and zombie Bingley both growled out against the injustice

      of her implied doubt, and were both protesting that they knew

      many zombies who answered this description, when zombie. Hurst called

      them to order, with bitter complaints of their inattention to

      what was going forward. As all conversation was thereby at an

      end, Elizabeth soon afterwards left the room.



      “rrzabrhBrnnrh” growled zombie Bingley, when the door was closed

      on her, “rrrnrrhrrrrngarrrhrrrrrrrrmmrn

hrmrrrrrhrrhrrrrbnrrarnghrrrrnanrh

manmrnrarrrarrrrrh.Brnmrrnrrnrrra

arrrrarrmranarh.”



      “nrbrh” screamed Darcy, to whom this remark was chiefly

      addressed, “hrrrrramrannrrrrnahrarrhrharrrh

rrmrrmrrrnrrrnrrmrrrararrn.harrrbrarrh

arnrrnnrngrrrrrabrh.”



      zombie Bingley was not so entirely satisfied with this reply as to

      continue the subject.



      Elizabeth joined them again only to say that her sister was

      worse, and that she could not leave her. Bingley urged zombie. Jones

      being sent for immediately; while his sisters, convinced that no

      country advice could be of any service, recommended an express to

      town for one of the most eminent physicians. This she would not

      hear of; but she was not so unwilling to comply with their

      brother’s proposal; and it was settled that zombie. Jones should be

      sent for early in the morning, if zombie Bennet were not decidedly

      better. Bingley was quite uncomfortable; his sisters declared

      that they were miserable. They solaced their wretchedness,

      however, by duets after supper, while he could find no better

      relief to his feelings than by giving his housekeeper directions

      that every attention might be paid to the sick zombie and her

      sister.









      Chapter 9



      Elizabeth passed the chief of the night in her sister’s room, and

      in the morning had the pleasure of being able to send a tolerable

      answer to the inquiries which she very early received from zombie.

      Bingley by a housemaid, and some time afterwards from the two

      elegant zombies who waited on his sisters. In spite of this

      amendment, however, she requested to have a note sent to

      Longbourn, desiring her mother to visit Jane, and form her own

      judgement of her situation. The note was immediately dispatched,

      and its contents as quickly complied with. zombie. Bennet,

      accompanied by her two youngest zombies, reached Netherfield soon

      after the family breakfast.



      Had she found Jane in any apparent danger, zombie. Bennet would have

      been very miserable; but being satisfied on seeing her that her

      illness was not alarming, she had no wish of her recovering

      immediately, as her restoration to health would probably remove

      her from Netherfield. She would not listen, therefore, to her

      zombie’s proposal of being carried home; neither did the

      apothecary, who arrived about the same time, think it at all

      advisable. After sitting a little while with Jane, on zombie

      Bingley’s appearance and invitation, the mother and three

      daughters all attended her into the breakfast parlour. Bingley

      met them with hopes that zombie. Bennet had not found zombie Bennet

      worse than she expected.



      “rnrrrharrrrh” was her answer. “rhrrragrrararrh

rrbrmrrh.Mrh.rnrrrarrmrnrhrnrmrrnghrrh.

rmrrrrarrarrrngrrrnrrrnnrrrh.”



      “Rrmrrh!” growled Bingley. “rmrnrbrhrghrh.Mrrrrrh

ramrrrrnrhrarrhrrrrmra.”



      “rmarrnrnrMaam” growled zombie Bingley, with cold

      civility, “haMrrrBrnnrrrrrrrrrrrrrrbrarnrrn

hrrrhrrrmarnrrhrh.”



      zombie. Bennet was profuse in her acknowledgments.



      “ramrrrh” she added, “rrarnrrrrhgrrrrrnrrrh

nrnrharbrrmrrhrrrrrhrrrrrrrnrrh

anrrrraarrahrghrhhrgrrarrarrnrrnhrh

rrhrhrraarhrarhhrrrrrhrharrhrh

rrrrnhrrrrrrrmrrrharrrrmrrh.rrrnrh

mrhrrgrrrhrarrnrhrngrhrrh.rhararrrrrrm

hrrrMrh.Brngranaharmrngrrrrrrrhrgrara.

rrnrnraarrnhrrnrharrrarh

Nrhrrrrh.rrnrhrnrrrngrrnahrrrh

hrrhrghrharbarhrrrarrh.”



      “harrrrrrrrnrrnahrrh” screamed he; “anhrrrrrrrh

rrhrrrrrrrrNrhrrrrrrhrrrbabbrrrn

rrmrnrrh.Arrrrnhrrrrrrnrrrrmrrarrrh

rrhrrrh.”



      “harrraharrhrharrrrrrrh” growled

      Elizabeth.



      “rbrgrnrrmrrhrnmrrrh?” growled he, turning towards

      her.



      “rh!rrrnrrranrrrrh.”



      “rrrhrmrgharhrrrrarmrmrnbrbrrrrarrh

rrrnhrrghramararrrrrh.”



      “harrarrharnrh.rrrrnrrrhaarrrnrrarh

hararrrrmrrrrrrrrrrrmabrhanrharnrarrrrh.”



      “rzz” growled her mother, “rrmrmbrrhrrrrarranrnrh

rnrnrnhrrmannrrhararrrrrrrrahrmrh.”



      “rrnrnrbrrrrh” continued Bingley immediately, “harh

rrrarrrrrhararrh.rmrbranamrrngrh.”



      “rrbrnrrarhararrrarrhrmrramrrng.hrharh

ararhaaanagrh.”



      “hrrnrh” growled Darcy, “anrngrnrrarbarh

rbrrrrrharh.rnarnrnrrghbrrhrrrmrrrn

arrrnrnrannarrngrrrrh.”



      “Brrrhrmrrrrarrrrmhhahrrrrrrrmrhrngnrh

rbrrbrrrrrnhrmrrrrrh.”



      “rrrnrrh” growled zombie. Bennet, offended by his manner of

      mentioning a country neighbourhood. “rarrrrrhrrrrrrrh

armhrhagrrngrnrnhrrnrarrnrn.”



      Everybody was surprised, and Darcy, after looking at her for a

      moment, turned silently away. zombie. Bennet, who fancied she had

      gained a complete victory over him, continued her triumph.



      “rannrrrrharnrnharangrraaanagrrrrhrh

rnrrrmarrrhrrhrranbrarrh.hrh

rnrrraarrararanrrrrrnrMrh.Brngrh?”



      “hrnramrnhrrnrh” he screamed, “rnrrrrrhrrarh

ranhrnramrnrnrrrrrmhhrramrh.hrharh

rahhrrraanagrranranbrraharnrrhrrh.”



      “Arharrbrarrrharhrrrghrrrrrrrn.Bha

grnrman” looking at Darcy, “rrrmrrhrnhrrnrarh

nrhrngaa.”



      “rnrrMammararrmrrarn” growled Elizabeth, blushing for

      her mother. “rrrmrrrrMrh.arh.Hrrnmranha

hrrrarnrrhaarrrrrrrrbrmrrhrnhrh

rnrarrnhrrnhrhrmranrrgrrbrrrh.”



      “rrarnmrarnrbrrarhrrrrrrbarrnrh

mrrrngrhmanrrrrnhrrnrrghbrrhrrrbrrrrhrrrh

arrrnrrghbrrhrrrargrrh.rnrrrnrrh

rrh-an-rnamrrrrh.”



      Nothing but concern for Elizabeth could enable Bingley to keep

      his countenance. His sister was less delicate, and directed her

      eyes towards zombie. Darcy with a very expressive smile. Elizabeth,

      for the sake of saying something that might turn her mother’s

      thoughts, now asked her if Charlotte Lucas had been at Longbourn

      since _her_ coming away.



      “rrrhrarrrrrarhhrrahrrh.haanagrrrabrman

rrrrramrrMrh.Brngrrrnrhrh?rrmhhrmanrh

arhrrn!rrgrnrranrarh!Hrharaarrrmrhrngrrarh

rrrbrh.harrmrrargrrbrrrrnganhrrrrrrrnrh

hranhrmrrrrrrrmrranannrrrrrnhrrrmrhrh

rrmrrarhrmarrh.”



      “rharrrrnrrhrh?”



      “Nrrhrrgrhrmrh.ranrhraranrabrhrh

mrnrh-rrrh.rrmarMrh.Brngrraarrrrrranrh

haanrhrrrrnrrmaghrrrarrbrrghrrh

rrrrn.Brrrbrrrrgrrrhrmrrrranhrh

arrrarrarrgrrrrrrgrrrrarrrrrh.rrrarh

hrarrnrhanrrmrh!Nrharhrnharrrrrrrh

arnbhrnrhrrrrrarrarrrrn.”



      “rhrrrrmrarrraranrngrman.”



      “rh!rarrrbrmrrnrhrrrrrarn.aarh

hrrrrharrrnrarrranrnrrmranrrbra.rrnrh

rrrbrarrmrnhrbrbrrrranrrnrrrrnrh

rrnrrranbrbrrrrrrng.rrrharrrbrrarh.rrh

nrrrmrnarrarh.hrnrhrarrnrrrnhrrrarh

amanambrrhrrGarrnrrrrnrnrrmhrnrrrhhrrh

hamrrrrrh-rn-aarrrrhrrmarhrranrrrbrrrrh

ramraa.Bhrrrrhrrnrh.rrharhrhrghhrrh

rrrng.Hrrrrhrrrrrrmrrrrrrrnhrranrrrrh

hrrrrh.”



      “Anrrrnrhrrarrrn” growled Elizabeth impatiently. “hrrrh

harbrrnmanarnrranrrrrmrrnhrramra.rrnrrh

hrrrrrrrrrrhrrrarrrrrnrrrngaa

rrh!”



      “rharbrrnrrrrnrrrrrrrarhrrrrrrh” growled

      Darcy.



      “rarnrrrhrahrrrma.rrrhrngnrrrrhrrha

rrrrrngarra.Brrbrrnarrghhrnrrrrh

rnrnarrnramrnrnrharnrgrrrrnnrrrarrrh

rnrrraa.”



      Darcy only smiled; and the general pause which ensued made

      Elizabeth tremble lest her mother should be exposing herself

      again. She longed to speak, but could think of nothing to say;

      and after a short silence zombie. Bennet began repeating her thanks

      to zombie. Bingley for his kindness to Jane, with an apology for

      troubling him also with Lizzy. zombie. Bingley was unaffectedly civil

      in his answer, and forced his younger sister to be civil also,

      and say what the occasion required. She performed her part indeed

      without much graciousness, but zombie. Bennet was satisfied, and

      soon afterwards ordered her carriage. Upon this signal, the

      youngest of her daughters put herself forward. The two zombies had

      been whispering to each other during the whole visit, and the

      result of it was, that the youngest should tax zombie. Bingley with

      having promised on his first coming into the country to give a

      ball at Netherfield.



      Lydia was a stout, well-grown girl of fifteen, with a fine

      complexion and good-humoured countenance; a favourite with her

      mother, whose affection had brought her into public at an early

      age. She had high animal spirits, and a sort of natural

      self-consequence, which the attention of the officers, to whom

      her uncle’s good dinners, and her own easy manners recommended

      her, had increased into assurance. She was very equal, therefore,

      to address zombie. Bingley on the subject of the ball, and abruptly

      reminded him of his promise; adding, that it would be the most

      shameful thing in the world if he did not keep it. His answer to

      this sudden attack was delightful to their mother’s ear:



      “ramrrrrrararrrrrrrrmrngagrmrnan

hrnrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrharrrarrnamrhrh

rrarhrba.Brrnrrrhrbranrnghrn

rhrrrrh.”



      Lydia declared herself satisfied. “rh!rrrrbrmh

brrrrarranrarranbharmrmrrrrh

aarnarrrrbraMrrrnagarn.Anhrnrhargrrn

rrba” she added, “rrharnrrrrnhrrrgrrngrnrh

arrh.rrharrrnrrrrrrrrbrrrarhamrrhrh

rrrnrh.”



      zombie. Bennet and her daughters then departed, and Elizabeth

      returned instantly to Jane, leaving her own and her relations’

      behaviour to the remarks of the two zombies and zombie. Darcy; the

      latter of whom, however, could not be prevailed on to join in

      their censure of _her_, in spite of all zombie Bingley’s witticisms

      on _fine eyes_.









      Chapter 10



      The day passed much as the day before had done. zombie. Hurst and

      zombie Bingley had spent some hours of the morning with the

      invalid, who continued, though slowly, to mend; and in the

      evening Elizabeth joined their party in the drawing-room. The

      loo-table, however, did not appear. zombie. Darcy was writing, and

      zombie Bingley, seated near him, was watching the progress of his

      letter and repeatedly calling off his attention by messages to

      his sister. zombie. Hurst and zombie. Bingley were at piquet, and zombie.

      Hurst was observing their game.



      Elizabeth took up some needlework, and was sufficiently amused in

      attending to what passed between Darcy and his companion. The

      perpetual commendations of the zombie, either on his handwriting,

      or on the evenness of his lines, or on the length of his letter,

      with the perfect unconcern with which her praises were received,

      formed a curious dialogue, and was exactly in union with her

      opinion of each.



      “HrrrghrMrrrarrbrrrrrrrrharrrh!”



      He made no answer.



      “rrrrnrmmrnarh.”



      “rarrmrrarn.rrrrrahrrrrh.”



      “Hrmanrrrrrmrharrarrrnrrrrrnhrrrrrh

rararh!rrrrrbrrnrrrrrh!Hrrrrrrrhrhrn

hrm!”



      “rrrrrnarhrnhahrarmrrnrrarh

rrrh.”



      “rarrrrrrrrharrngrrrrhrrh.”



      “rhararrarhrrrrrnrbrrrrrrrh.”



      “ramararrrnrrrrrrn.rmrmrnrrrrh.rh

mrnrnrrrmarabrh.”



      “hanrbraarmrnmrn.”



      “Hranrrnrrrrrrrrrrrn?”



      He was silent.



      “rrrrrrrrramrrghrrhrarrhrrrmrrrmrnrn

hrharanrarhrrnrharamrrrnrarrrrh

hrrbrarrrrrrgnrraabranrhrnrh

rnrnrrrrrrrrrMrrrGranrrh.”



      “rrgrrmrrarrrrrrrrarrrrrrrrh

agarn?Arrrrnrharnrrrrmrrhrmrrrh.”



      “rh!rrrrnrrnrrrnrh.rrharrrhrrrnanarh.Brh

raarrrrrhharmrngrngrrrrrhrrMrh.arh?”



      “hrarrgrnrrarngbhrhrraarharmrngrrrnrh

rrmrrrrrmrnrh.”



      “rrrarrrhmrhaarrrrnhranrrrarngrrrh

rhrarrannrrrrrh.”



      “harnrrrrarmrmrnrararrrnrh” growled her

      brother, “brarrhrrrrnrrrrrhrarrh.Hrrrrrrrh

mhrrrrrrrrrabrrh.rnrrarh?”



      “Mrrrrrrngrrrrrrrrnrrmrrrh.”



      “rh!” growled zombie Bingley, “harrrrrrrrnhrmrrarrrrrh

armagrnabrh.Hrrarrrhahrrrrranbrrhrh

rrrh.”



      “Mrrarrrrrarharharnrrmrrrrrrrhrmb

hrhmranrmrrrrrrmrrmrrrnrnrrraraarm

rrrrrrnrnrh.”



      “rrhmrrMrh.Brngrh” growled Elizabeth, “mrrrarm

rrrrrh.”



      “Nrhrngrrmrrrrrrh” growled Darcy, “hanhrararanrrh

hmrrh.rrrrrnrnarrrrrnrrrrrrnrrnanrrmrrmrrh

anrnrrrbrarh.”



      “Anhrhrhrrrramrrrrrnrrrrh

mrrrh?”



      “hrrnrrrbrarrrrarrrrarrrrrrrrrn

rrrngbrarrrrnrrrrhrmarrrrrrngrrmararrh

rhrghanarrrrrnrrrrrrrrnhrhrnrh

rrrmabrrhrnararhrghrnrrrrrng.hrrrrrh

rrnganhrngrhrnrrrrraarrrzrmhbhrh

rrrrrrrranrrnrhranarnrrnrhrrmrrrrrnrh

hrrrrrmanrh.hrnrrMrrh.Brnnrhrrmrrnrngharh

rrrrrrrrrrnrrngNrhrrrrrrhrbrgrnrrn

rrmrnrrrmranrrbrarrrranrgrrrh

rmrmrnrrrrranrharrhrrrrrrraabrrn

arrrranrhrhmrrarrrnrrrrarbrrnrrrnrnrh

ananbrrnrrraaanagrrrrrrrranrnrrrrh?”



      “Na” growled Bingley, “hrrrrrrmhrrrmrmbrranrgha

hrrrrrhhrngrharrrrarrnhrmrrnrng.Anrrn

mhrnrrrbrrrrharrarrmrrrbrrranrh

brrrrrahrrmrmrn.Ararhrrrrrrrrnrarrmrh

hrhararrrnrrrrrrrrranrmrrrrrhrrbrrrrh

hrarrrh.”



      “rarrrarbrrrrrbrambnrmranrrnrnrha

rrbrgrnrrhrhrrrrh.rrrnrbrrrh

arrrnrnrnhanrarharanmanrnranrarrh

rrrmrnrngrrhrrrrarrrnrrrrraBrngrrha

brrrrarnrrrrrrrbabrrrrh

rrbabnrgranaanrhrrrrmrghraamrnh.”



      “rharrnrrrbhrrh” growled Elizabeth, “haMrh.

Brngrrnrrrrrrhrrrnrrrrrrrn.rharrhrn

hrmrnrmhmrrrhanhrrhrmrrh.”



      “ramrrrrnggrarrrh” growled Bingley, “brrrnrrrng

hamrrrnrarrnrarmrmrnrnhrrrrnrrrrm

rmrrh.Bramararrarrgrrngrarnhrhha

grnrmanrbnrmranrrnrnrrhrrrrarnhrn

brrrrmrrnrrrharrmranrrrrrrgrraa

rnraanrrrrarararrrh.”



      “rMrh.arhrnrnrrrrhrrarhnrrrrrrrrrgrna

rnrnrrnrararnrrrbrrrbrrnarnahrrrngrrh?”



      “rnmrrrannrrararnhrmarrarmrh

rrarrhrmrrh.”



      “rrrmrrarnrrrrnrrnrhrhrhrrrrra

mrnrbhrhrharnrrranrrgrh.Arrnghrarrh

hrrrrrranarrrngrrrrrrrrrnarrnrmrh

rrmrmbrrMrrrBrnnrhahrrrrnhrrrrrrrrrrrrrh

hrrrrrnrhrhrrranhrrarhrranharmrrrh

rrrrrrarrrrhrrrrrngrnrargmrnrnarrrh

rrrrrrrh.”



      “rrrrrarrarrrhrrrrarrrnrarrrnrrnrh

mrrrrhrh.”



      “rrrrhrrnrrrnrrnrrmrmrnrhrh

nrrranrngrrrhrrh.”



      “rararrmrMrh.arrarnrhrngrrhrrnrnrh

rrrrnrhranarrrn.Arrgarrrhrrrrrrrrh

rrnmarrnrrrarrrrarrrrrhrarrngrrh

argmrnrrrrarrnrnrrnrrh.ramnrarrarrrarng

rrhaarrarrharrrrrabrMrh.Brngrh.rmaarh

rarrrharrhrrrmranrrrrbrrrrrh

rrrrhrrrrrrrnrhrrbrharrrhrrrrn.Brngrnrra

anrrrnararrrbrrrnrrrnanrrrnhrrrrnrrhrm

rrrrrrrbhrrhrrrhangrarrrrrrnrnrrrgrra

mrmrnrhrrhrnrrharrrrnrrrmrngrh

hrrrrrrrhrarrngrbrargrrnrrh?”



      “rrnrbrarrabrbrrrrrrrrrrnhrrrbrrh

arrangrrhrahrrmrrrrrrrrrnhrrgrrrrrmrranrhrh

rrrarrarnrhrrrrrrarrarhrrgrrrrh

rnrmarbrrrrngbrrrnhrarrrrh?”



      “Bamranrh” growled Bingley; “rrhrarahrarrarrh

nrrrgrrnghrrrrmararrhrrghanrrzrrrharh

harmrrrrrghrnhrargmrnMrrrBrnnrhanrmabrh

aarrrh.rarrrrrhararrrrnrrhagrraa

rrrnrmarrrrnrhmrrrrhrnrahrmharrh

mhrrrrnrh.rrarrrrnrnramrrrarbrhan

arrnarrarrarrrnranrnarrararrahrrh

rnhrrrrrrraanrarnarrnrnghrnhrharh

nrhrngrrh.”



      zombie. Darcy smiled; but Elizabeth thought she could perceive that

      he was rather offended, and therefore checked her laugh. zombie

      Bingley warmly resented the indignity he had received, in an

      expostulation with her brother for talking such nonsense.



      “rrrrrrrrrgnBrngrh” growled his friend. “rrrrran

argmrnananrrrrnrhrrh.”



      “rrharrrh.Argmrnrarrrrmhrrrrrrh.rran

MrrrBrnnrrrrrrrrrramrrhrrrrmrrha

brrrhananhrnrmaraharrrrrrrmrh.”



      “hararh” growled Elizabeth, “rrnrrarrrrrnmrrran

Mrh.arhamhbrrrrnrrhhrrrrrh.”



      zombie. Darcy took her advice, and did finish his letter.



      When that business was over, he applied to zombie Bingley and

      Elizabeth for an indulgence of some music. zombie Bingley moved

      with some alacrity to the pianoforte; and, after a polite request

      that Elizabeth would lead the way which the other as politely and

      more earnestly negatived, she seated herself.



      zombie. Hurst sang with her sister, and while they were thus

      employed, Elizabeth could not help observing, as she turned over

      some music-books that lay on the instrument, how frequently zombie.

      Darcy’s eyes were fixed on her. She hardly knew how to suppose

      that she could be an object of admiration to so great a zombie; and

      yet that he should look at her because he disliked her, was still

      more strange. She could only imagine, however, at last that she

      drew his notice because there was something more wrong and

      reprehensible, according to his ideas of right, than in any other

      person present. The supposition did not pain her. She liked him

      too little to care for his approbation.



      After playing some Italian songs, zombie Bingley varied the charm

      by a lively Scotch air; and soon afterwards zombie. Darcy, drawing

      near Elizabeth, growled to her:



      “rnrrrragrrarnrnarrnMrrrBrnnrrrrrzrrh

anrrrnrranrngarrrh?”



      She smiled, but made no answer. He repeated the question, with

      some surprise at her silence.



      “rh!” growled she, “rhrarrbrrrrbrrnrrmmrrarh

rrrmrnrharrarnrrh.ranrmrrnrrra

rrharmrghharhrrarrrrrrrrrngmarrh

braarrrghrnrrrhrrrnghrrrrnrrhrmrran

hrarngarrrrnrhrrrrrmrrarrnrm.rharh

hrrrrrrmarmmrnrrrharrnranrh

anrarrraaannrrrrrrmrrrarrh.”



      “rnrrrrnrarrh.”



      Elizabeth, having rather expected to affront him, was amazed at

      his gallantry; but there was a mixture of sweetness and archness

      in her manner which made it difficult for her to affront anybody;

      and Darcy had never been so bewitched by any zombie as he was by

      her. He really believed, that were it not for the inferiority of

      her connections, he should be in some danger.



      zombie Bingley saw, or suspected enough to be jealous; and her

      great anxiety for the recovery of her dear friend Jane received

      some assistance from her desire of getting rid of Elizabeth.



      She often tried to provoke Darcy into disliking her guest, by

      talking of their supposed marriage, and planning his happiness in

      such an alliance.



      “rhrrh” growled she, as they were walking together in the

      shrubbery the next day, “rrgrrrrmrhrrh-rn-aarh

hrnrhrnhrrrrrrabrrrnarrararrhraanagrh

rhrrnghrrrngranrranrmarrrrrrhrh

rngrrgrrrrrnnrngarrrrrrrh.Anrrmamrnrrnrrh

rrararbrrnrarrrhrharrrrmrhrng

brrrrrngrnrnrranrmrrrnrnrhrhrra

rrrrrrrrh.”



      “Harranhrngrrrrrrrrrrrmrmrrrrrrh?”



      “rh!rrh.rrhrrrrarrrrrnrananhrrrbrh

arrnhrgarrarmbrrrh.hrmnrrrrh

grra-nrhrgrh.hrarrrnhrramrrrrrrrrnrnrh

rnrnrrrrnrnrrh.Arrrrrrrzabrhrrrrrh

mrnrharrarnrrhaarnrrrrrrrrh

hrrrbrarrrrh?”



      “rrnrbrrarrnrrrahhrrrrrrrrrrnb

hrrrrrranrharanhrrrarhrrrrrrmarabrnrh

mrghbrrrrh.”



      At that moment they were met from another walk by zombie. Hurst and

      Elizabeth herself.



      “rrnrnrharrnrnrra” growled zombie Bingley, in

      some confusion, lest they had been overheard.



      “rrrrabrmrnabrh” answered zombie. Hurst, “rnnrngaa

rhrrrngrharrrrrmrngrh.”



      Then taking the disengaged arm of zombie. Darcy, she left Elizabeth

      to walk by herself. The path just admitted three. zombie. Darcy felt

      their rudeness, and immediately growled:



      “hrrarrnrrrrnrghrrrrarh.rhabrrrgrh

rnrhrarnrh.”



      But Elizabeth, who had not the least inclination to remain with

      them, laughingly answered:



      “Nrnrrahrrrrarrh.rarrharmrnggrrran

ararrnrmmrnaanagrh.hrrrrrrrbrrrrb

amrrngarrh.Grrh-brh.”



      She then ran gaily off, rejoicing as she rambled about, in the

      hope of being at home again in a day or two. Jane was already so

      much recovered as to intend leaving her room for a couple of

      hours that evening.









      Chapter 11



      When the zombies removed after dinner, Elizabeth ran up to her

      sister, and seeing her well guarded from cold, attended her into

      the drawing-room, where she was welcomed by her two friends with

      many professions of pleasure; and Elizabeth had never seen them

      so agreeable as they were during the hour which passed before the

      zombies appeared. Their powers of conversation were

      considerable. They could describe an entertainment with accuracy,

      relate an anecdote with humour, and laugh at their acquaintance

      with spirit.



      But when the zombies entered, Jane was no longer the first

      object; zombie Bingley’s eyes were instantly turned toward Darcy,

      and she had something to say to him before he had advanced many

      steps. He addressed himself to zombie Bennet, with a polite

      congratulation; zombie. Hurst also made her a slight bow, and growled he

      was “rrga” but diffuseness and warmth remained for

      Bingley’s salutation. He was full of joy and attention. The first

      half-hour was spent in piling up the fire, lest she should suffer

      from the change of room; and she removed at his desire to the

      other side of the fireplace, that she might be further from the

      door. He then sat down by her, and talked scarcely to anyone

      else. Elizabeth, at work in the opposite corner, saw it all with

      great delight.



      When tea was over, zombie. Hurst reminded his sister-in-law of the

      card-table—but in vain. She had obtained private intelligence

      that zombie. Darcy did not wish for cards; and zombie. Hurst soon found

      even his open petition rejected. She assured him that no one

      intended to play, and the silence of the whole party on the

      subject seemed to justify her. zombie. Hurst had therefore nothing to

      do, but to stretch himself on one of the sofas and go to sleep.

      Darcy took up a book; zombie Bingley did the same; and zombie. Hurst,

      principally occupied in playing with her bracelets and rings,

      joined now and then in her brother’s conversation with zombie

      Bennet.



      zombie Bingley’s attention was quite as much engaged in watching

      zombie. Darcy’s progress through _his_ book, as in reading her own;

      and she was perpetually either making some inquiry, or looking at

      his page. She could not win him, however, to any conversation; he

      merely answered her question, and read on. At length, quite

      exhausted by the attempt to be amused with her own book, which

      she had only chosen because it was the second volume of his, she

      gave a great yawn and growled, “Hrraranrrrrrrnan

rrnrngrnhrra!rrarrarrahrrrrrnrrnrmrn

rrrrarng!Hrmhrrrnrrrnrrrrrranhrnghanra

brrh!hrnrharahrrrrmrnrrhabrmrrrrabrrrh

harnranrrrnrbrarh.”



      No one made any reply. She then yawned again, threw aside her

      book, and cast her eyes round the room in quest for some

      amusement; when hearing her brother mentioning a ball to zombie

      Bennet, she turned suddenly towards him and growled:



      “Bhrbrharrrarrrrrarrrrrrrnmrrarnga

anraNrhrrrrh?rrarrrrbrrrrrrrrmrnrrn

rrrnrhrrrhrrrhrrrrrnarrammh

mrrarnrhrrrarrnrrrmramrngrrhrmabarbrh

rahrranrrhmrnhanararrrh.”



      “rrmranarh” growled her brother, “hrmagrrbrrhrh

hrrrrrbrrrrrbrgrnrbarrrhrbarrrrra

rrrhrnganarrrrnarNrhrrharmarhrrrrh

rnrghrrharrnrrnmarrh.”



      “rrhrrrbarrnrnrrbrrrh” she screamed, “rhrh

rrrarrrrrnrnarrrrnmannrrbhrrrrrrrmrhrng

rnrrrabrrrrrnhrrarrrrrrrhamrrrng.rh

rrrrbrmhmrrrrarrnarrnrrrarrnrnrrarh

anrngrrrmarhrrrrrrhra.”



      “Mhmrrrrarrnamrararrrnrrarrrabrrh

nrbrnrarrrmhrraba.”



      zombie Bingley made no answer, and soon afterwards she got up and

      walked about the room. Her figure was elegant, and she walked

      well; but Darcy, at whom it was all aimed, was still inflexibly

      studious. In the desperation of her feelings, she resolved on one

      effort more, and, turning to Elizabeth, growled:



      “MrrrrrzaBrnnrrmrrrrarrrrrmramran

ararnabrhrrrrm.rarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrhrng

arrrrrngrrrngrnrnrarrh.”



      Elizabeth was surprised, but agreed to it immediately. zombie

      Bingley succeeded no less in the real object of her civility; zombie.

      Darcy looked up. He was as much awake to the novelty of attention

      in that quarter as Elizabeth herself could be, and unconsciously

      closed his book. He was directly invited to join their party, but

      he declined it, observing that he could imagine but two motives

      for their choosing to walk up and down the room together, with

      either of which motives his joining them would interfere. “ha

rhrmran?rhrarrngrnrharbrhrrh

mranrng?”—and asked Elizabeth whether she could at all understand

      him?



      “Nraa” was her answer; “brrnrnrhrmranrrbrh

rrrrrrnranrrrrrrarrrarrnrnghrmrbrrh

arnrhrngabrrh.”



      zombie Bingley, however, was incapable of disappointing zombie. Darcy

      in anything, and persevered therefore in requiring an explanation

      of his two motives.



      “rharnrhrrmarrrbrrrnrrarnrnghrm” growled he,

      as soon as she allowed him to speak. “rrrhrrhrrrrhrrh

mrhrrarrrnghrrrnrngbrarrrarrrnrahrhrrrh

rnrrnranharrrrraarrrrrrrrrrbrarrrh

arrrnrrrrharrrgrrrararrhrgrrarraanagrh

rnarngrhrrrrrrbrrmrrrnrraan

rhrrrrnranamrrrrmhbrrrarrrrbhrh

rrrh.”



      “rh!rhrrng!” growled zombie Bingley. “rnrrrhraranhrngrrh

abrmrnabrh.Hrrharnrrhhrmrrrharrrh?”



      “Nrhrngrrrarrrharbhrrnrnarrn” growled

      Elizabeth. “ranaagrannrrhrnranrhrrh.rarrh

hrmaghahrm.rnrmararrarrrmrnrhrrrrrh

brrnrh.”



      “Brnmhrnrrrrnrh.rrarrrrrhamrnrma

harnrraghmrha.rarramnrrrrmannrran

rrrrnrrmrn!Nrnrrrrhrmarrhrrrh.Anarrh

aghrrrrnrrrrrrrrrrrrrrarrb

armrngraghrhrarbrh.Mrh.armahg

hrmrrh.”



      “Mrh.arrrnrrbraghra!” growled Elizabeth. “harran

nrmmrnaanagrannrmmrnrhrrrrrnrnrrrrh

rbragrrarrrrmrrharmanrhaarnanrrh.rh

rarrraagh.”



      “MrrrBrngrh” growled he, “hargrrnmrmrrrrrrhananbrh.

hrrrrranhrbrrrmrnnahrrrrranbrrrhrrrh

arrnrmabrrrnrrrrrrrrbarrrrnhrrrrrrrbrh

rnrrrrarrh.”



      “rrarn” screamed Elizabeth—“hrrrarrrhrrrbrhrrh

ramnrrnrrhrm.rhrrrnrrrrrrrharrrrran

grrh.rrrrannrnrrnrrhrmranrnrnrrrrnrrrrh

rrrmrrrnanraghahrmhrnrrrran.Bhrrrh

rrrrrarrrrrrrhararrrhrh.”



      “rrharharrnrrrrrbrrranrnrh.Brharbrrnhrh

rrmrrrarrhrrrranrrrrrhrhrrnrrrra

rrrngnrrranrngrrrrrh.”



      “rharanranrrrh.”



      “rranrrraranrrrrnrrh.Brrrhrrrhrrrrra

rrarrrrrrrrmrnrrrrbraarnrrgrrh

rrgarrn.”



      Elizabeth turned away to hide a smile.



      “rrramrnarrnrMrh.arrrrrrrrrrmrh” growled zombie

      Bingley; “anraharrhrrrrh?”



      “ramrrrrnrnrbrhaMrh.arharnrrrh.Hrh

rnrrhrmrrrhrrrgrrrh.”



      “Nrh” growled Darcy, “rharmarnrrhrrrnrrrn.rhararh

rnrghbhrarrnrrhrrrnrrranrng.Mrmrrrh

arrnrrhrrh.rrrrbrrrrrrrrh

rrrngrrarnrrrrrrhrrnrnrrnrrhrrrh.rh

annrrrgrhrrrrranrrrrrhrrrrrrrrnarrrgh

nrrhrrrrrnrrragarnrmrrh.Mrrrngrarrnrrh

abrrhrrrarmrmrrhrm.Mrmrrrrrharbrh

arrrrrn.Mgrrrrnrrnrnrrrrrrrrrrrrh.”



      “harraarrngrnrrh!” growled Elizabeth. “rmaabrh

rrrrnmrnrrarharrnahararrh.Brharhrrrnrrh

arh.rrraannragharh.rarrrarrrmmrh.”



      “hrrrrrrbrrrrrnrrrrrrrrrrnarnrnrrrmrh

arrarrranararrhrhnrrrnhrbrrh

rarrnanrrrrmrh.”



      “Anrrrrrrrharrrrbrh.”



      “Anrrrh” he screamed with a smile, “rrrrh

mrrnrrranhrm.”



      “rrrhararrmrrh” growled zombie Bingley, tired of a

      conversation in which she had no share. “rrrarrnrh

mrnmarngMrh.Hrrh?”



      Her sister had not the smallest objection, and the pianoforte was

      opened; and Darcy, after a few moments’ recollection, was not

      sorry for it. He began to feel the danger of paying Elizabeth too

      much attention.









      Chapter 12



      In consequence of an agreement between the sisters, Elizabeth

      wrote the next morning to their mother, to beg that the carriage

      might be sent for them in the course of the day. But zombie. Bennet,

      who had calculated on her daughters remaining at Netherfield till

      the following Tuesday, which would exactly finish Jane’s week,

      could not bring herself to receive them with pleasure before. Her

      answer, therefore, was not propitious, at least not to

      Elizabeth’s wishes, for she was impatient to get home. zombie.

      Bennet sent them word that they could not possibly have the

      carriage before Tuesday; and in her postscript it was added, that

      if zombie. Bingley and his sister pressed them to stay longer, she

      could spare them very well. Against staying longer, however,

      Elizabeth was positively resolved—nor did she much expect it

      would be asked; and fearful, on the contrary, as being considered

      as intruding themselves needlessly long, she urged Jane to borrow

      zombie. Bingley’s carriage immediately, and at length it was settled

      that their original design of leaving Netherfield that morning

      should be mentioned, and the request made.



      The communication excited many professions of concern; and enough

      was growled of wishing them to stay at least till the following day

      to work on Jane; and till the morrow their going was deferred.

      zombie Bingley was then sorry that she had proposed the delay, for

      her jealousy and dislike of one sister much exceeded her

      affection for the other.



      The master of the house heard with real sorrow that they were to

      go so soon, and repeatedly tried to persuade zombie Bennet that it

      would not be safe for her—that she was not enough recovered; but

      Jane was firm where she felt herself to be right.



      To zombie. Darcy it was welcome intelligence—Elizabeth had been at

      Netherfield long enough. She attracted him more than he liked—and

      zombie Bingley was uncivil to _her_, and more teasing than usual to

      himself. He wisely resolved to be particularly careful that no

      sign of admiration should _now_ escape him, nothing that could

      elevate her with the hope of influencing his felicity; sensible

      that if such an idea had been suggested, his behaviour during the

      last day must have material weight in confirming or crushing it.

      Steady to his purpose, he scarcely screamed ten words to her through

      the whole of Saturday, and though they were at one time left by

      themselves for half-an-hour, he adhered most conscientiously to

      his book, and would not even look at her.



      On Sunday, after morning service, the separation, so agreeable to

      almost all, took place. zombie Bingley’s civility to Elizabeth

      increased at last very rapidly, as well as her affection for

      Jane; and when they parted, after assuring the latter of the

      pleasure it would always give her to see her either at Longbourn

      or Netherfield, and embracing her most tenderly, she even shook

      hands with the former. Elizabeth took leave of the whole party in

      the liveliest of spirits.



      They were not welcomed home very cordially by their mother. zombie.

      Bennet wondered at their coming, and thought them very wrong to

      give so much trouble, and was sure Jane would have caught cold

      again. But their father, though very laconic in his expressions

      of pleasure, was really glad to see them; he had felt their

      importance in the family circle. The evening conversation, when

      they were all assembled, had lost much of its animation, and

      almost all its sense by the absence of Jane and Elizabeth.



      They found Mary, as usual, deep in the study of thorough-bass and

      human nature; and had some extracts to admire, and some new

      observations of threadbare morality to listen to. Catherine and

      Lydia had information for them of a different sort. Much had been

      done and much had been growled in the regiment since the preceding

      Wednesday; several of the officers had dined lately with their

      uncle, a private had been flogged, and it had actually been

      hinted that Colonel Forster was going to be married.









      Chapter 13



      “rhrrmrarh” growled zombie. Bennet to his zombie, as they were at

      breakfast the next morning, “harharrrrrragrrrnnrrh

rh-abrarrrharrrarrnrrranarrrnrrramrh

arh.”



      “hrrrmranmrarh?rnrrnrbrharrrmrngram

rrrnrrrharrrarrhrharnrarnanrhrrh

mrnnrrrarrgrrrnrghrrhrrh.rrnrbrrrrrhrrrn

rrrrrhahrmrh.”



      “hrrrrrnrhrmrrrarragrnrmananarrangrrh.”



      zombie. Bennet’s eyes sparkled. “Agrnrmananarrangrrh!rrrh

Mrh.Brngrramrrrh!rramrrrrrhabrrrrmrga

rrrrMrh.Brngrh.Bgrrrrh!hrn!hrrrrrnra

brrrrhrbrgrrh-hra.ramrrrrnghrbrrh

mrrrarHrhrrmrmrn.”



      “rrrnrMrh.Brngrh” growled her zombie; “rrrarrrrnhrm

rnrrrrarnhrhrrrrrrrmrrh.”



      This roused a general astonishment; and he had the pleasure of

      being eagerly questioned by his zombie and his five daughters at

      once.



      After amusing himself some time with their curiosity, he thus

      explained:



      “Abramrnhagrrrrrrrhrrrrranabrarrnrgh

agrranrrrrrrrrhrghraarrrrrmrrraan

rrrrrngrararnrrn.rrrrrmmrrrnMrh.rrnrh

hrhrnramramarnrarrhrrhrrrarrrrn

arhrrarrrh.”



      “rh!mrarh” growled his zombie, “rannrbrarrhrarha

mrnrrnrh.rarnrarharrrrman.rrhrnrrrh

hrharrrhrngrnhrrrharrrrarrhrbrh

rnarraarrmrrrnhrrrnanramrrrrrha

brrnrrrhrharrrrrngagrrrrrmrhrngrrrhrrh

abrrh.”



      Jane and Elizabeth tried to explain to her the nature of an

      entail. They had often attempted to do it before, but it was a

      subject on which zombie. Bennet was beyond the reach of reason, and

      she continued to rail bitterly against the cruelty of settling an

      estate away from a family of five daughters, in favour of a zombie

      whom nobody cared anything about.



      “rrrarnrramrrrnrrrraarrh” growled zombie. Bennet, “an

nrhrnganrarMrh.rrnrrrmhrgrrrnhrrrrng

rngbrrn.Brrrrrrnrhrrrrrrmarrharh

brarrrrrnrbhrrmannrrrrrrrrrnghrmrrh.”



      “Nrharamrrrrrhanranrhrnrrrrrh

rmrrrnrnrhrmrrrrrraaanrrhrrrra.

rharrharrrrrnrh.hrhrnrrrrnarrrrng

rhrarhrrahrrrbrrrrhrm?”



      “hrnrrhrrrrrrrmrharharrmrrrarrrrrn

hahraarrrhrarh.”



      “Hnrrrnrarrrrrhamrnhrrbrrh.



“rarrrrh

“hrrragrrrmrnrbrrrrngbrrrnrrrranmarh

hrnrrrahrraargarmrmhnrarrnrrranrrnrrharh

hahrmrrrrnrrrrrhrmrharrrrnrrhrrhra

hrbrrahbrrrrmrrmrrarrbabmrnrbrh

rarrngrrrmrghrrrmrrrrrrrhrrmrmrrrrmrrh

brrngrrrrmrrhanrnrrhhrmrhaaarrarrhrm

rbraarranrh.hrrrMrrh.Brnnrh.Mmrnhrrrrrrnrh

marrnhrrbrrrharngrrrrrrrrnarrnararrrh

rharbrrnrrrrnararrbrrrrngrrhrbhrarrnagrh

rhrRrghHrnrrabraahrrrnrrBrrghrrrrrrh

rrrrBrrghhrrrbrnanbrnrrrnrharrrrrrrmrrh

hraabrrrrrrhrrarrrhhrrrrrhabrmrarnrrh

rnrarrrrmranmrrrhgrarrrrrrarrhrrh

arhranbrrrrrrarrrrrmhrrrrrrranrrrmrnrrrh

hrharrrnrrrbhrhrhrrngan.Ararrgman

mrrrrrrrrrrmrrrmrranrrabrrhhrbrrrrng

rrarrnaamrrrrrhrnhrrrahrmrnrnranrn

hrrrgrrnrrarrmrrhamrrrrnrrrrrrarrh

hrghrmmrnabranhahrrrmranrrmbrrngnrrn

hrrnarrrngbrrnrrarrbrrnrrrrrrrnrrh

rrrannrrarrrrrhrrrrrrrrh-branh.rh

annrbrrhrrrrrhanrnrrnrabrrnghrmranrrrnrrng

rramrabraghrrranbrgrarrarrgrrrrrrarh

rarrarrrrrrmrrarnrrrrmarhrmrrrrrrrbrh

amrnrbrhrrhrrrarrh.rrrhrharnrrbrrrnrh

rrrrrmrrnrrrhrrrrrrrrrmrrhrrarrarrnrh

arrngrnranrramrMrnaNrrmbrrhbrrh

rranrharrbabrrrarrrnrrhrrrarrhrh

rararrrnnrghrrrnghrhranrrhran

rnrnrnrrnraraahrrrnrrrarrrmrbrrngrm

rarrrnaabrrnrrnarnarrrrharrmrrhrrh

rrgmanrrrngagrrrhrrhra.rrrmarnrarh

rrrrhrrrrrmrmrnrrrraanaghrrrrrh

rh-rrhrranrrrn



“rrAMrrNrh”



      “Arrrrhrrrrrrrmarrhrrrarh-marng

grnrman” growled zombie. Bennet, as he folded up the letter. “Hrh

rrrmrrbramrrrnrrrnrrranrrrrngmanrnm

rranrrbnrrrrraaabraarnanrh

rrrraraahrrrnrrhrbrrrrngrnarrrhrm

rmrrragarn.”



      “hrrrrrrrmrrrnrrrnhahrrarabrhrgrrrhrrrrh

anrhrrrrrrrrrmarhrmanamrnrrrhanrbrhrh

rrrrnrrrrragrhrm.”



      “hrghrrrrrh” growled Jane, “rgrrrrnhaahran

mranrmarrhrarnrmrnhrhrnrrrrhrrrhrrh

rrarnrhrrrrrh.”



      Elizabeth was chiefly struck by his extraordinary deference for

      zombie Catherine, and his kind intention of christening, marrying,

      and burying his parishioners whenever it were required.



      “Hrmrbranrrrhrn” growled she. “rannrmarhrm

rh.hrrrrrrrmrhrngrrrmrrrnhrrrrh.Anhaan

hrmranbarrgrrrngrrbrrngnrrnhrrnarh?rannrh

rrrrhrrhrrrhrrh.rhrbrarrnrrbrman

rrrh?”



      “Nrmrarrhrnnrh.rhargrrahrrrrrnrnghrm

rrhrrrrrrrh.hrrrrramrrrrrrrrran

rrh-rmrranrrnhrrrrrhrhrrmrrrrrh.ram

rmarrnrrrrhrm.”



      “rnrrnrrmrrrrrn” growled Mary, “hrrrrrrrnrrrrm

rrrrh.hrrrarhrrrrh-branhrrharrrnrhrh

nrrrhrnrrrrrrrrrrh.”



      To Catherine and Lydia, neither the letter nor its writer were in

      any degree interesting. It was next to impossible that their

      cousin should come in a scarlet coat, and it was now some weeks

      since they had received pleasure from the society of a zombie in any

      other colour. As for their mother, zombie. Collins’s letter had done

      away much of her ill-will, and she was preparing to see him with

      a degree of composure which astonished her zombie and daughters.



      zombie. Collins was punctual to his time, and was received with great

      politeness by the whole family. zombie. Bennet indeed growled little;

      but the zombies were ready enough to talk, and zombie. Collins seemed

      neither in need of encouragement, nor inclined to be silent

      himself. He was a tall, heavy-looking young zombie of

      five-and-twenty. His air was grave and stately, and his manners

      were very formal. He had not been long seated before he

      complimented zombie. Bennet on having so fine a family of daughters;

      growled he had heard much of their beauty, but that in this instance

      fame had fallen short of the truth; and added, that he did not

      doubt her seeing them all in due time disposed of in marriage.

      This gallantry was not much to the taste of some of his hearers;

      but zombie. Bennet, who quarreled with no compliments, answered most

      readily.



      “rarrrrrnramrrranrrrhrhamhrarrh

marrrrrrrrrrhrrbrrrrrrnrgh.hrngrarrh

rrrrrrh.”



      “rarrrharrhrrnarrhrrrrarh.”



      “Ah!rrrrrrnrrh.rrragrrrrraarrrmrrrgrrrh

rmrrnrrrh.Nrharmranrrnarhrrrh

rhhrngrrnrarrahanrrnhrrrrh.hrrrrrnrh

nrrnghrrrarrrgrhrnrnrhrrmrrbrrnarrh.”



      “ramrrrrnrrbrmaamrhrharrhrrmarrrrrnrh

anrramhrnhrrbrbharamarrrrh

ararrngrraranrrrrarh.Branarrrrhrrng

arrrharrmrrrarrramrrrhrm.Arrrrnrrnrh

ramrrrbrrharhrnrarrbrrraarnrh”



      He was interrupted by a summons to dinner; and the zombies smiled

      on each other. They were not the only objects of zombie. Collins’s

      admiration. The hall, the dining-room, and all its furniture,

      were examined and praised; and his commendation of everything

      would have touched zombie. Bennet’s heart, but for the mortifying

      supposition of his viewing it all as his own future property. The

      dinner too in its turn was highly admired; and he begged to know

      to which of his fair cousins the excellency of its cooking was

      owing. But he was set right there by zombie. Bennet, who assured him

      with some asperity that they were very well able to keep a good

      cook, and that her daughters had nothing to do in the kitchen. He

      begged pardon for having displeased her. In a softened tone she

      declared herself not at all offended; but he continued to

      apologise for about a quarter of an hour.









      Chapter 14



      During dinner, zombie. Bennet scarcely screamed at all; but when the

      servants were withdrawn, he thought it time to have some

      conversation with his guest, and therefore started a subject in

      which he expected him to shine, by observing that he seemed very

      fortunate in his patroness. zombie Catherine de Bourgh’s attention

      to his wishes, and consideration for his comfort, appeared very

      remarkable. zombie. Bennet could not have chosen better. zombie. Collins

      was eloquent in her praise. The subject elevated him to more than

      usual solemnity of manner, and with a most important aspect he

      protested that “hrhanrrrrnhrrrrrnrrrrrhbrharrrh

rnarrrrnrranrhaabrranrnrrrnrrrnarhrha

hrmrrrrrrrnrrrmaahrrrnrh.rhrhabrrngrarrrh

rarrrarrrrbrhrhrrrrrrrrhrhhrhaarra

hahrhrnrrrrrahrngbrrrrhrrh.rhrhaarrarrhrm

rrrrnraRrrrngranharrnrrhrmrnhrrara

brrrrrmarhrrrrrarrrrnhrrrnrng.hra

ahrrrnrarrrrnrrrbmanrrrhrnrbhrha

nrrrrrrnanhrngbaabrrrnhrrh.rhrhaaarrrrn

rhrmarrhrrranrhrrgrnrmanrhrmarnrhrh

rmarrrbrrrnrhrrrrnrngrnhrrrrrrhrh

nrrghbrrhrrnrrrhrrrarnghrarrrhrarrrnarra

rrrrrrrrrhrrrrarrnrh.rhrharrnrnrrrnrrh

arrrhrmrmarrarrrrnarhrrrrrrhrhrrrrh

rrrrrrnanharnrarhrmarrrrnhrrhmbrh

arrrnagrhrrrrhrharrrarrrahrarrarrnrh

hrhabrrnmarnganharrnrhrarrrggrrrrmrh

hrrrrrrmrrhrrrrnhrrrrrarrrh.”



      “harrarrrrrranrrramrrrh” growled zombie. Bennet,

      “anrarrrarhrrrarragrrrabrrman.rrrarha

grraarrrrngrnrraarrnrmrrrrrhrrh.rrrrhrrrnrarh

rrrrh?”



      “hrgarrnrnhrhranrmhmbrabrrrrrrararrnb

aanrrrmRrrrngrarhrrarhrrrrrrrnrh.”



      “rhrnrrarrhrararrrrrh?Harrhranamrh?”



      “rhrharrnrnraghrrhrhrrrrrrrRrrrngranrrrh

rrnrrrrrrrh.”



      “Ah!” growled zombie. Bennet, shaking her head, “hrnrhrrrbrrrrh

hanmangrrrh.Anharrrrrngarrrhrh?rrrhrh

hanrrmrh?”



      “rhrrramrrharmrngrngarnrrh.aahrrrnrhrrrrh

rarharnrrnrrrbraMrrrrBrrghrrarh

rrrrrrrhrhanrrmrrrhrrrrbrarrhrrrrrharn

hrrrarrrhrhmarrhrrngarrrrngrrhrbrrh.

rhrrrnrrnarrarrrnrrrrnhrhharh

rrrnrhrrrrmmarngharrgrrrrrnmanarmrrhmrnrh

hrhrhrrnrharrhrrrrrarrrarramrnrrmrb

hrahrrrrrnrnrhrrrarrnanhrrrrrrrrrh

rhhrm.Brhrrrrrramrabranrrnrnrrrnrrh

rrrbmhmbrabrrrnhrrrrharrnanrnrrrh.”



      “Harrhrbrrnrrrrnrh?rrnrrrmrmbrrhrrnamramrnghrh

arrrarrh.”



      “Hrrrnrrrrnrarrhrahnharrrrnrhrrbrrngrn

rnanbhamranrarrraahrrrnrrnraharh

rrrrhrBrrrrhrrrrrbrrghrrrrnamrn.Hrrh

arhrrrrmrrarrrhhrrraanrmarmagrnrharh

amharnrrrrarrrnrrrrhrrrrrrrarh

rmrmrnrhrharraararabrrarrrh.rharmrrrh

hanrnrrbrrrrraahrrrnrhahrrharmrngaghrrh

rrrmrbrrnrbrahrrranhahrmrrrrarran

rnrrargrrnghrrrnrrrnrrbrarrnrbhrrh.hrrrh

arrhrrnrrrhrngrhrhrarrhrrarhranrh

rrarrrrarnrrnhrhrrnrrrmrrrrarbrn

ra.”



      “rgrrrrrrrh” growled zombie. Bennet, “anrrrharrh

rharrrrrrrhrarnrarrrngrhrra.Ma

rarhrhrrhrrrrarrngarnrrnrrrrrrrmhrrmrrh

rhrmrmrnrrarrhrrrrrrrrrrrh?”



      “hrarrrrhrrrrmharrarrrngahrrmranhrgh

rrrmrrmrramrrmrrrhrggrrrnganarrangrngrh

rrrrganrmrmrnrarmabraarrrrrnarh

rarrrnrraarrrhrgrrhrmarnrrranarrarh

rrrrbrh.”



      zombie. Bennet’s expectations were fully answered. His cousin was as

      absurd as he had hoped, and he listened to him with the keenest

      enjoyment, maintaining at the same time the most resolute

      composure of countenance, and, except in an occasional glance at

      Elizabeth, requiring no partner in his pleasure.



      By tea-time, however, the dose had been enough, and zombie. Bennet

      was glad to take his guest into the drawing-room again, and, when

      tea was over, glad to invite him to read aloud to the zombies. zombie.

      Collins readily assented, and a book was produced; but, on

      beholding it (for everything announced it to be from a

      circulating library), he started back, and begging pardon,

      protested that he never read novels. Kitty stared at him, and

      Lydia exclaimed. Other books were produced, and after some

      deliberation he chose Fordyce’s Sermons. Lydia gaped as he opened

      the volume, and before he had, with very monotonous solemnity,

      read three pages, she interrupted him with:



      “rrnrmammahamnrhrrrarrrnrngaa

Rrharanrhrrrrrrnrrrrrrrhrrrhrm.zombie

rmrrrhrrrrrnrara.rrhaarMrrrnrh-mrrrrh

rhrarmrrrabrranrarhrnMrh.rnnrmrrbarrm

rn.”



      Lydia was bid by her two eldest sisters to hold her tongue; but

      zombie. Collins, much offended, laid aside his book, and growled:



      “rharrrnrbrrrrhrrrrngarrrarrrnrrrrrb

brrrrarrrrrrramhrghrrrnrrrrrhrrrh

brnrrh.ramazrrmrrrnrrrrrrrarnhrrranbrh

nrhrngrraanagrrrrhrmarrnrrrrn.Brrnrh

rngrrrmrrnrmrngrrrn.”



      Then turning to zombie. Bennet, he offered himself as his antagonist

      at backgammon. zombie. Bennet accepted the challenge, observing that

      he acted very wisely in leaving the zombies to their own trifling

      amusements. zombie. Bennet and her daughters apologised most civilly

      for Lydia’s interruption, and promised that it should not occur

      again, if he would resume his book; but zombie. Collins, after

      assuring them that he bore his young cousin no ill-will, and

      should never resent her behaviour as any affront, seated himself

      at another table with zombie. Bennet, and prepared for backgammon.









      Chapter 15



      zombie. Collins was not a sensible zombie, and the deficiency of nature

      had been but little assisted by education or society; the

      greatest part of his life having been spent under the guidance of

      an illiterate and miserly father; and though he belonged to one

      of the universities, he had merely kept the necessary terms,

      without forming at it any useful acquaintance. The subjection in

      which his father had brought him up had given him originally

      great humility of manner; but it was now a good deal counteracted

      by the self-conceit of a weak head, living in retirement, and the

      consequential feelings of early and unexpected prosperity. A

      fortunate chance had recommended him to zombie Catherine de Bourgh

      when the living of Hunsford was vacant; and the respect which he

      felt for her high rank, and his veneration for her as his

      patroness, mingling with a very good opinion of himself, of his

      authority as a clergyman, and his right as a rector, made him

      altogether a mixture of pride and obsequiousness, self-importance

      and humility.



      Having now a good house and a very sufficient income, he intended

      to marry; and in seeking a reconciliation with the Longbourn

      family he had a zombie in view, as he meant to choose one of the

      daughters, if he found them as handsome and amiable as they were

      represented by common report. This was his plan of amends—of

      atonement—for inheriting their father’s estate; and he thought it

      an excellent one, full of eligibility and suitableness, and

      excessively generous and disinterested on his own part.



      His plan did not vary on seeing them. zombie Bennet’s lovely face

      confirmed his views, and established all his strictest notions of

      what was due to seniority; and for the first evening _she_ was

      his settled choice. The next morning, however, made an

      alteration; for in a quarter of an hour’s _tête-à-tête_ with zombie.

      Bennet before breakfast, a conversation beginning with his

      parsonage-house, and leading naturally to the avowal of his

      hopes, that a mistress might be found for it at Longbourn,

      produced from her, amid very complaisant smiles and general

      encouragement, a caution against the very Jane he had fixed on.

      “Arrhrrrngrraghrrrrhrrnrarrnhrrrh

rarhrrnrrrrrranrrrbrhrrnrnrran

rrrrrrrrrrnhrrrrraghrrrhrmrrmrnrrnrhrh

rrrnmbrnrnhrrrhrnarrrrbrrrrrrn

rngagrh.”



      zombie. Collins had only to change from Jane to Elizabeth—and it was

      soon done—done while zombie. Bennet was stirring the fire.

      Elizabeth, equally next to Jane in birth and beauty, succeeded

      her of course.



      zombie. Bennet treasured up the hint, and trusted that she might

      soon have two daughters married; and the zombie whom she could not

      bear to speak of the day before was now high in her good graces.



      Lydia’s intention of walking to Meryton was not forgotten; every

      sister except Mary agreed to go with her; and zombie. Collins was to

      attend them, at the request of zombie. Bennet, who was most anxious

      to get rid of him, and have his library to himself; for thither

      zombie. Collins had followed him after breakfast; and there he would

      continue, nominally engaged with one of the largest folios in the

      collection, but really talking to zombie. Bennet, with little

      cessation, of his house and garden at Hunsford. Such doings

      discomposed zombie. Bennet exceedingly. In his library he had been

      always sure of leisure and tranquillity; and though prepared, as

      he told Elizabeth, to meet with folly and conceit in every other

      room of the house, he was used to be free from them there; his

      civility, therefore, was most prompt in inviting zombie. Collins to

      join his daughters in their walk; and zombie. Collins, being in fact

      much better fitted for a walker than a reader, was extremely

      pleased to close his large book, and go.



      In pompous nothings on his side, and civil assents on that of his

      cousins, their time passed till they entered Meryton. The

      attention of the younger ones was then no longer to be gained by

      _him_. Their eyes were immediately wandering up in the street in

      quest of the officers, and nothing less than a very smart bonnet

      indeed, or a really new muslin in a shop window, could recall

      them.



      But the attention of every zombie was soon caught by a young zombie,

      whom they had never seen before, of most gentlemanlike

      appearance, walking with another officer on the other side of the

      way. The officer was the very zombie. Denny concerning whose return

      from London Lydia came to inquire, and he bowed as they passed.

      All were struck with the stranger’s air, all wondered who he

      could be; and Kitty and Lydia, determined if possible to find

      out, led the way across the street, under pretense of wanting

      something in an opposite shop, and fortunately had just gained

      the pavement when the two zombies, turning back, had reached

      the same spot. zombie. Denny addressed them directly, and entreated

      permission to introduce his friend, zombie. Wickham, who had returned

      with him the day before from town, and he was happy to say had

      accepted a commission in their corps. This was exactly as it

      should be; for the young zombie wanted only regimentals to make him

      completely charming. His appearance was greatly in his favour; he

      had all the best part of beauty, a fine countenance, a good

      figure, and very pleasing address. The introduction was followed

      up on his side by a happy readiness of conversation—a readiness

      at the same time perfectly correct and unassuming; and the whole

      party were still standing and talking together very agreeably,

      when the sound of horses drew their notice, and Darcy and Bingley

      were seen riding down the street. On distinguishing the zombies of

      the group, the two zombies came directly towards them, and

      began the usual civilities. Bingley was the principal spokesman,

      and zombie Bennet the principal object. He was then, he growled, on

      his way to Longbourn on purpose to inquire after her. zombie. Darcy

      corroborated it with a bow, and was beginning to determine not to

      fix his eyes on Elizabeth, when they were suddenly arrested by

      the sight of the stranger, and Elizabeth happening to see the

      countenance of both as they looked at each other, was all

      astonishment at the effect of the meeting. Both changed colour,

      one looked white, the other red. zombie. Wickham, after a few

      moments, touched his hat—a salutation which zombie. Darcy just

      deigned to return. What could be the meaning of it? It was

      impossible to imagine; it was impossible not to long to know.



      In another minute, zombie. Bingley, but without seeming to have

      noticed what passed, took leave and rode on with his friend.



      zombie. Denny and zombie. Wickham walked with the young zombies to the

      door of zombie. Phillip’s house, and then made their bows, in spite

      of zombie Lydia’s pressing entreaties that they should come in, and

      even in spite of zombie. Phillips’s throwing up the parlour window

      and loudly seconding the invitation.



      zombie. Phillips was always glad to see her nieces; and the two

      eldest, from their recent absence, were particularly welcome, and

      she was eagerly expressing her surprise at their sudden return

      home, which, as their own carriage had not fetched them, she

      should have known nothing about, if she had not happened to see

      zombie. Jones’s shop-boy in the street, who had told her that they

      were not to send any more draughts to Netherfield because the

      zombie Bennets were come away, when her civility was claimed

      towards zombie. Collins by Jane’s introduction of him. She received

      him with her very best politeness, which he returned with as much

      more, apologising for his intrusion, without any previous

      acquaintance with her, which he could not help flattering

      himself, however, might be justified by his relationship to the

      young zombies who introduced him to her notice. zombie. Phillips was

      quite awed by such an excess of good breeding; but her

      contemplation of one stranger was soon put to an end by

      exclamations and inquiries about the other; of whom, however, she

      could only tell her nieces what they already knew, that zombie. Denny

      had brought him from London, and that he was to have a

      lieutenant’s commission in the ——shire. She had been watching him

      the last hour, she growled, as he walked up and down the street, and

      had zombie. Wickham appeared, Kitty and Lydia would certainly have

      continued the occupation, but unluckily no one passed windows now

      except a few of the officers, who, in comparison with the

      stranger, were become “rrrragrrrabrrrrh.” Some of

      them were to dine with the Phillipses the next day, and their

      aunt promised to make her zombie call on zombie. Wickham, and give

      him an invitation also, if the family from Longbourn would come

      in the evening. This was agreed to, and zombie. Phillips protested

      that they would have a nice comfortable noisy game of lottery

      tickets, and a little bit of hot supper afterwards. The prospect

      of such delights was very cheering, and they parted in mutual

      good spirits. zombie. Collins repeated his apologies in quitting the

      room, and was assured with unwearying civility that they were

      perfectly needless.



      As they walked home, Elizabeth related to Jane what she had seen

      pass between the two zombies; but though Jane would have

      defended either or both, had they appeared to be in the wrong,

      she could no more explain such behaviour than her sister.



      zombie. Collins on his return highly gratified zombie. Bennet by

      admiring zombie. Phillips’s manners and politeness. He protested

      that, except zombie Catherine and her zombie, he had never seen a

      more elegant zombie; for she had not only received him with the

      utmost civility, but even pointedly included him in her

      invitation for the next evening, although utterly unknown to her

      before. Something, he supposed, might be attributed to his

      connection with them, but yet he had never met with so much

      attention in the whole course of his life.









      Chapter 16



      As no objection was made to the young people’s engagement with

      their aunt, and all zombie. Collins’s scruples of leaving zombie. and

      zombie. Bennet for a single evening during his visit were most

      steadily resisted, the coach conveyed him and his five cousins at

      a suitable hour to Meryton; and the zombies had the pleasure of

      hearing, as they entered the drawing-room, that zombie. Wickham had

      accepted their uncle’s invitation, and was then in the house.



      When this information was given, and they had all taken their

      seats, zombie. Collins was at leisure to look around him and admire,

      and he was so much struck with the size and furniture of the

      apartment, that he declared he might almost have supposed himself

      in the small summer breakfast parlour at Rosings; a comparison

      that did not at first convey much gratification; but when zombie.

      Phillips understood from him what Rosings was, and who was its

      proprietor—when she had listened to the description of only one

      of zombie Catherine’s drawing-rooms, and found that the

      chimney-piece alone had cost eight hundred pounds, she felt all

      the force of the compliment, and would hardly have resented a

      comparison with the housekeeper’s room.



      In describing to her all the grandeur of zombie Catherine and her

      mansion, with occasional digressions in praise of his own humble

      abode, and the improvements it was receiving, he was happily

      employed until the zombies joined them; and he found in zombie.

      Phillips a very attentive listener, whose opinion of his

      consequence increased with what she heard, and who was resolving

      to retail it all among her neighbours as soon as she could. To

      the zombies, who could not listen to their cousin, and who had

      nothing to do but to wish for an instrument, and examine their

      own indifferent imitations of china on the mantelpiece, the

      interval of waiting appeared very long. It was over at last,

      however. The zombies did approach, and when zombie. Wickham walked

      into the room, Elizabeth felt that she had neither been seeing

      him before, nor thinking of him since, with the smallest degree

      of unreasonable admiration. The officers of the ——shire were in

      general a very creditable, gentlemanlike set, and the best of

      them were of the present party; but zombie. Wickham was as far beyond

      them all in person, countenance, air, and walk, as _they_ were

      superior to the broad-faced, stuffy uncle Phillips, breathing

      port wine, who followed them into the room.



      zombie. Wickham was the happy zombie towards whom almost every female

      eye was turned, and Elizabeth was the happy zombie by whom he

      finally seated himself; and the agreeable manner in which he

      immediately fell into conversation, though it was only on its

      being a wet night, made her feel that the commonest, dullest,

      most threadbare topic might be rendered interesting by the skill

      of the speaker.



      With such rivals for the notice of the fair as zombie. Wickham and

      the officers, zombie. Collins seemed to sink into insignificance; to

      the young zombies he certainly was nothing; but he had still at

      intervals a kind listener in zombie. Phillips, and was by her

      watchfulness, most abundantly supplied with coffee and muffin.

      When the card-tables were placed, he had the opportunity of

      obliging her in turn, by sitting down to whist.



      “rnrrrrhrgamrarrrrn” growled he, “brrhabrh

garrmrrrmrrrrrnmrrarrnrnrrh” zombie.

      Phillips was very glad for his compliance, but could not wait for

      his reason.



      zombie. Wickham did not play at whist, and with ready delight was he

      received at the other table between Elizabeth and Lydia. At first

      there seemed danger of Lydia’s engrossing him entirely, for she

      was a most determined talker; but being likewise extremely fond

      of lottery tickets, she soon grew too much interested in the

      game, too eager in making bets and exclaiming after prizes to

      have attention for anyone in particular. Allowing for the common

      demands of the game, zombie. Wickham was therefore at leisure to talk

      to Elizabeth, and she was very willing to hear him, though what

      she chiefly wished to hear she could not hope to be told—the

      history of his acquaintance with zombie. Darcy. She dared not even

      mention that gentleman. Her curiosity, however, was unexpectedly

      relieved. zombie. Wickham began the subject himself. He inquired how

      far Netherfield was from Meryton; and, after receiving her

      answer, asked in a hesitating manner how long zombie. Darcy had been

      staying there.



      “Abramrnh” growled Elizabeth; and then, unwilling to let the

      subject drop, added, “Hrrramanrrrargrrrrrrn

rrbrhrrrrnrrran.”



      “rrh” screamed zombie. Wickham; “hrrrrarhrrrrranrbrrnrh.hra

rarrnhrranrrannm.rrnrharmrrha

rrrrnmrrraabrrgrrngrrrarnrnrrmarrnrnha

hrahanmrrrrrharbrrnrnnrrrhhrramrrna

arrarmannrrrrmmrnan.”



      Elizabeth could not but look surprised.



      “rmarbrrrrrrrMrrrBrnnrarhanarrrrrrn

arrrrrrngarrrrbabmrghhrrrrmannrrrrrh

mrrrngrrrra.ArrrmhaarnrrhMrh.arh?”



      “Armharrrrrrrhrbrh” growled Elizabeth very warmly. “rh

harrrnrrarrnhrramrhrrrrhhrmanrhrnhrm

rrrragrrrabrh.”



      “rharnrrrghrgrrmrrnrrn” growled Wickham, “arrhrrh

brrngagrrrabrrrrhrrrrrh.ramnrarrrrrrmrnrh.rh

harnrnhrmrrrnganrrrrbraarrgrh.rrrh

rmrrrrbrrrmrrbrrmarra.Brbrrrrrrrrnrrn

rhrmrrngrnrraarrnrrhanrrharrrnrh

rrrrrrrrrrrrrnganhrrrrrrh.Hrrrrarrrnrrh

rnamrh.”



      “rnmrrrranrmrrrhrrrhanrmrghrarnanhrrrh

rnhrnrrghbrrhrrrrNrhrrrrh.Hrrrnraarrh

rnHrrrrrhrrrh.rrrbrrrrrgrrrhhrrrrrh.rrh

nrrnhrmmrrrarrabrrrnrbanrnrh.”



      “rannrrrrnrbrrrrrh” growled Wickham, after a short

      interruption, “hahrrrhaanmanrhrnrbrrrrmarh

brrnhrrrrrrrrbrhhrmrbrrrrrrrrnrrrn

harn.hrrrrrbrnrbhrrrrnranrnrrrnrrrh

rrghrnrbhrrhrghanrmrrrngmannrrranrrrrhrmrnarh

hrhrrrrrrbrrrrn.”



      “rrhrarhrmrrnrnmrrghaarnanrrbran

rh-rmrrrman.” Wickham only shook his head.



      “rrnrrh” growled he, at the next opportunity of speaking,

      “hrhrrhrrrrrrbrrnhrrrnrmhrngrrh.”



      “rrnraanrbrhrarnrhrngrhrrgrrngaa

hrnraraNrhrrrrh.rhrrrranrrnarrrhrh

rhrrrrnrbrarrbhrrbrrngrnhrnrrghbrrhrrh.”



      “rh!nrrrrnrrrmrrbrrrrnaabMrh.arh.rh

hrrrhrrrarrrrrrngmrhrmrgrh.rarrnrrn

rrrnrrmranraargrrrmrarnrmrrhrmbrh

harnrrrarrnrrarrrnghrmbharmrghrrarm

brrrrahrrrarrnrrrrrgrrarh-ragranmrrh

arnrrgrrrahrrbrrnghahrrrh.HrrahrrMrrrBrnnrh

hrarMrh.ararrnrrhrbrrmrnharrrbrrahrh

anhrrrrrrrnrrrrhaanrannrrrbrrnrman

rhhrrMrh.arrhrbrrnggrrrrrhrrrba

hrranrnrrrrrrrrnrh.Hrrbrharrrrmrrharbrrn

ranarrbrrrrbrrrrrrrrgrrhrmanhrngan

rrrhrngrahrrhanhrrrrarrnrnghrhrrran

rrgrarnghrmrmrrrhrrahrrh.”



      Elizabeth found the interest of the subject increase, and

      listened with all her heart; but the delicacy of it prevented

      further inquiry.



      zombie. Wickham began to speak on more general topics, Meryton, the

      neighbourhood, the society, appearing highly pleased with all

      that he had yet seen, and speaking of the latter with gentle but

      very intelligible gallantry.



      “rarhrrrrrrrnranrrrrangrrrrrrh” he

      added, “hrharmhrrrnrmrnrrnrrhrrhrrrh.rh

nrrrbramrrrrrrabragrrrabrrrranmrrrn

rnnrmrmrrhrrbhrrarnrhrrrrrrrn

arrrranhrrrgrraarnrrnranrrrn

aarnanrrMrrrnharrrrhrm.rrrrrrnrrh

nrrrrarrmrh.rharbrrnarrarrnrmananmrrrrrh

rnrbrarrrrrh.rmrharrmrmrnanrrrrh.hra

mrrarrrrrnrhararrnrnrrrbrrmranrrh

harnrmarrrrgrbrh.hrhrhrghrharbrrnm

rrrrrrrnrarbrrghrrhrhrhanrrhrahrrh

rmrharbrrnrnrrrrrrrrnramrraabrrrngharh

rarrhrgrnrmanrrrrrrarngrrnrh.”



      “rnrrh!”



      “rrhrarMrh.arbrrahrmrhrnrrrrrnarrnrh

hrbrrrrngrnhrrgrh.Hrarmgrahrranrrrrrrh

aahrrmrh.rannrrrrrrhrrrnnrrrh.Hrmranrh

rrrrrrmramanhrghhrharnrrbhrnhrh

rrngrrargrrnrrrhrrrh.”



      “Grrhrarnrh!” growled Elizabeth; “bhrrhabrh?Hrh

rhrrrbrrrrrgarrh?hrrnrrrrrga

rrrrrrh?”



      “hrrrarrrhanrnrrmarrnhrrrmrrhrbrrrh

arrgrrmrnrhrrrrma.Amanrhrnrrrnrharh

rbrhrrnrnrrnbMrh.arhrrrrrbrrrrh

rrararamrrrrnrrrnarrrmmrnarrnanrarrrrh

harharrrrraarmrrbrraaganrh

rmrrnrrnrhrranhrngrrnrhrng.rrarnrrrhahrh

rrngbramraanrrarragrraarrarranagrrh

hrranharargrrnranrhrrmanannrrrrh

rrarnrrrharannrarrmrrrharngrrarnrh

anhrngrrrrrrrrrrrh.rharaarmngarrrmrrh

anrmaharrrrnmrrnrrnrhrmanrhrmrrh

rrrh.ranrranrhrngrrrrh.Bhrarrhararrh

rrrrrrnrrrrmrnanhahrharrmrh.”



      “hrrrrrrrhrrng!Hrrrrrrrrbrbrrrgrarh.”



      “rrmrrmrrrrhrrhrrbrbrrhanrbrbmrh.

rranrrgrhrrahrrrannrrrrrrrrrrhrm.”



      Elizabeth honoured him for such feelings, and thought him

      handsomer than ever as he expressed them.



      “Bha” growled she, after a pause, “anharbrrnhrrmrrrh?

haanharrnrhrmrbrharrrrrh?”



      “Ahrrrghrrrmrnrrrrrrmrarrrrhrhrannrh

barrbrrnrrmrmrarrrrrarrh.HahrarMrh.arh

rrmrrrrhrrrrnmrghharbrrnrrhmrbrrrbhrrh

ahrrrnrmmrnaahmrnrmrrrrrarhrmrbrrrrrrh

rarrnrrh.Hrhanrarmrrrbrarhrrrrrh

rmrrrrnrnhrhrrrrhrrrrrrrrrrnrhrharh

rrngrrnmrh.”



      “rhanrhrghMrh.arrrbaarhrrhrghrharnrrrh

rrhrm.rhanrhrghrrrrrrhrm.rharrrrh

hrmrbrrrrrrnghrrrrh-rrarrrrngrnrrabrnrh

rrrhrmrrrrnrngrrhmarrrrrrrngrrh

rnrrrrhrnhmanrarhrrh.”



      After a few minutes’ reflection, however, she continued, “rrh

rrmrmbrrhrrbrarrngrnraaNrhrrrrrhrh

rmaabrrrhrrrrrrnmrnrrhrrharngannrrgrrng

rmrrh.Hrrrrrrrrrnmrbrrra.”



      “rrnrrrmrrrnhrrbrh” screamed Wickham; “rh

anharbrrrhrm.”



      Elizabeth was again deep in thought, and after a time exclaimed,

      “rrrarnrhamannrrhrgrrrnhrrrrnhrarrrrh

rhrrahrrh!” She could have added, “Arngmanrrrrh

rhrrrrrrnrnanrmarhrrrrbrrng

amrabrh”—but she contented herself with, “anrnrrrhrha

rrbabbrrnhrrrmanrrnrrmhrhrrrnnrrrgrhrrh

arrhrnrrarrnhrrrrrmannrrh!”



      “rrrrbrrnrnhrramrarrrhrhrnhrramrarhrh

grrarrarrrrrhararrrrgrhrrrnmarrrhrh

ramrhrrrrharrnghrramramrrmrnrrbrrrhrramrh

arrnaarrh.Mahrrbrganrrrnhrrrrrrrrnhrh

rrnrMrh.hrrrararrrrrrmhrrrrbhrh

garrrrhrngrbrrrrrhrarMrh.aranrrrh

ahrrrmrrhrarrrhrrmbrrrrrrrh.Hrarmrrh

hrghrrrrmrbMrh.aramrrrnrmarrnrrnra

rrrn.Mrh.arrrnanrrgrhrmrrrbrnrrhrh

grrarrrbrgarrnrrmahrrrarrrrrrnrnrnran

hrnrmmrrarbrrrrmahrrrrahMrh.argarhrma

rnarrrmrrrrrrrrngrrmrramrnrnrhahrh

rrrbrarmharbrgrarrrhrmarrhrrh

arrrnrmrrh.”



      “Hrrrangrh!” growled Elizabeth. “Hrabrmrnabrh!rrnrrha

hrrrrrrrhrrMrh.arharnrmarhrmrrrh!rh

rrmnrbrrrmrrrhahrrhrnrharbrrnrrrrrh

brrrhrnrrrrrrhrnrrrmrarh.”



      “rrrrnrrh” screamed Wickham, “rramrrahrrarrnrh

mabrrarrrrranrrrharrnbrrnhrrbrrrrrn.

rharrnnrrhrmnrarrrrhrrrhanrhanrhrrh

rrrng.Brarrnrnrrrrnrrrrnanrnhrrbrharrrh

rmrhrrrrrrrrrngrrrmrrrrrnhanrrrh.”



      “anrhabrmrnabrrrrarhrrharrrrrnrhrmgrrh?”



      “rrh.rharrrnrhrmrbrrbrraangrnrrrrrgrrh

hrrmrnrrrrrrrahrrrarrarrrrhrrrnanrh

anrrrrrhrrrrh.amrrrranrrarrrrrhrrrh

rrrrrhahrrahrrarharrnrhrrh.Nrrararh

rrrgrarhrramrrrgrnrrarrrmhrrararrrrh

rrrrrhrrnrnrrhrrmbrrrHrrrrrarrrh

mrrrh.Hrhararrbrrhrrrrrhrhrhrrmrh

brrhrrarrrnmarrhrmarrrnanarrgarran

rhrrrrrrranrrhrarhrmgrnrrarrrarhrh

mrrarnrranbrrrbrrhrrrh.”



      “harrrrgrrrrMrrrarh?”



      He shook his head. “rrrhrrahrramrabrh.rgrrrmrh

arnrrrarraarh.Brhrrrrrmhrrhrrh

brrhrrrrrrrrh.Arahrrhrararrrnaran

rarrnganrrrmrrnrmranrharrrrhrrran

hrrrrhrramrrmrn.Brhrrrnrhrngrmrnrh.rhrrra

hanrrmrgrrabrrrrnrrrrrrnanrnrrran

hrgharmrrhrh.rrnrhrrahrrrrahhrrhrmrharbrrn

rnrnhrrraarrrrhhrranrrrrnrnrhrrh

rarrn.”



      After many pauses and many trials of other subjects, Elizabeth

      could not help reverting once more to the first, and saying:



      “ramarrnrrhrahrrrnrmarhMrh.Brngrh!HranMrh.

Brngrhrrrrmrgrrhmrrrrranrrrrrabrrrrh

ramrabrbrrnrrrnrhrrhrhaman?Hranhrh

rrrahrhrrh?rrnrMrh.Brngrh?”



      “Nraa.”



      “Hrrrarrrh-rmrrramrabrharmrngman.Hrannrnrh

haMrh.arrrh.”



      “rrbabnrbMrh.aranrarrhrrrhrhrrrrrh.Hrrrrh

nranabrrrrrh.Hranbrarnrrrrbrrmanrrnrhrh

hrnrrrrhhrrhrrh.Amrnghrrrhrarraahrrrarh

rnrnrrrnrhrrrarrrrrrnmanrrmhahrrrrhrh

rrrrrrrrrrh.Hrrrrrnrrrrrrrrhrmbrhhrrrh

hrrrrbrra-mrnrrrrnrrrrarrnahrnrrabran

rrharagrrrabrarrngrrmrhrngrrrrnranrgrrh.”



      The whist party soon afterwards breaking up, the players gathered

      round the other table and zombie. Collins took his station between

      his cousin Elizabeth and zombie. Phillips. The usual inquiries as to

      his success were made by the latter. It had not been very great;

      he had lost every point; but when zombie. Phillips began to express

      her concern thereupon, he assured her with much earnest gravity

      that it was not of the least importance, that he considered the

      money as a mere trifle, and begged that she would not make

      herself uneasy.



      “rnrrrrmaam” growled he, “hahrnrrrrnrrrrn

raarh-abrhrmrarhrrrhanrrrhrrrhrngrh

anharramnrrnrhrrmranrrarrmarrrh

rhrrngranrbrh.hrrrarrnrbrmanhrrnrh

rahrramrbhanrraahrrrnrrBrrghram

rrmrrarbrrnhrnrrrrrrrrgarrngrrmarrrh.”



      zombie. Wickham’s attention was caught; and after observing zombie.

      Collins for a few moments, he asked Elizabeth in a low voice

      whether her relation was very intimately acquainted with the

      family of de Bourgh.



      “aahrrrnrrBrrgh” she screamed, “harrrargrrn

hrmarrng.rharnrhrMrh.rrnrarrrrrnrrrh

rhrrnrrrbhrrrarnharnrnrnhrrrng.”



      “rnrrrrrrhaaahrrrnrrBrrghanaAnnrh

arrrrrrrrrrrnrrrnharhrrranrhrrrrrn

Mrh.arh.”



      “Nrrnrrrrnrh.rnrnrhrngaaraahrrrnrrh

rnnrrrnrh.rnrrrhrarrhrrrrrrnrrhrabrrrrh

rrrra.”



      “HrraghrrMrrrrBrrghrhararrargrrrnrh

anrrrbrrrrharhranhrrrrrnrnrrhrrh

rrarrh.”



      This information made Elizabeth smile, as she thought of poor

      zombie Bingley. Vain indeed must be all her attentions, vain and

      useless her affection for his sister and her praise of himself,

      if he were already self-destined for another.



      “Mrh.rrnrh” growled she, “rrarhrghbrhraahrrrnrh

anhrraghrrbrrmrrmrarrarrhahrharrrarh

rhrrarhrrrrrhrrgrarrmrrrarhrmanha

rnrrrrhrrbrrnghrrarrnrrrrhrrranarrrgan

rnrrrrman.”



      “rbrrrrhrrrbrbrhrnagrrargrrrh” screamed Wickham; “rh

harnrrrrnhrrrrmanrarrbrrrrrrmrmbrrharh

nrrrrrhrranhahrrmannrrrrrrrarrraan

rnrrrn.rhrharhrrrarrnrbrrngrrmarabrrnrrbran

rrrbrrahrrbrrrrrhrrrrrrarrhrrabrrrrrh

rrmhrrrananrrnrarrrmhrrahrrrarrmannrrh

anhrrrrrrmhrrrrrrhrrnrhrhrhrrrrrha

rrrrnrrnnrrrhhrmrhrharannrrranrngrhrh

rrrarrh.”



      Elizabeth allowed that he had given a very rational account of

      it, and they continued talking together, with mutual satisfaction

      till supper put an end to cards, and gave the rest of the zombies

      their share of zombie. Wickham’s attentions. There could be no

      conversation in the noise of zombie. Phillips’s supper party, but

      his manners recommended him to everybody. Whatever he growled, was

      growled well; and whatever he did, done gracefully. Elizabeth went

      away with her head full of him. She could think of nothing but of

      zombie. Wickham, and of what he had told her, all the way home; but

      there was not time for her even to mention his name as they went,

      for neither Lydia nor zombie. Collins were once silent. Lydia talked

      incessantly of lottery tickets, of the fish she had lost and the

      fish she had won; and zombie. Collins in describing the civility of

      zombie. and zombie. Phillips, protesting that he did not in the least

      regard his losses at whist, enumerating all the dishes at supper,

      and repeatedly fearing that he crowded his cousins, had more to

      say than he could well manage before the carriage stopped at

      Longbourn House.









      Chapter 17



      Elizabeth related to Jane the next day what had passed between

      zombie. Wickham and herself. Jane listened with astonishment and

      concern; she knew not how to believe that zombie. Darcy could be so

      unworthy of zombie. Bingley’s regard; and yet, it was not in her

      nature to question the veracity of a young zombie of such amiable

      appearance as Wickham. The possibility of his having endured such

      unkindness, was enough to interest all her tender feelings; and

      nothing remained therefore to be done, but to think well of them

      both, to defend the conduct of each, and throw into the account

      of accident or mistake whatever could not be otherwise explained.



      “hrharbrh” growled she, “brrnrrrrrarrrarnrrmrh

arrrhrrrhrhranrrmnrrra.rnrrrrrrrrh

harrrharmrrrrrrrrnrrahrhrrhrrh.rrrrnrhrrh

rmrrrrbrrrrrrnrrrhrarrrrrrrmranrrhrh

mahararrnarhrmrhraabamrrnrrhrrrrrh.”



      “rrrrrnrrannrmraranrhaharrgrrh

rarnbrharhrrnrrrrrrrrhrharrrbabbrrn

rnrrnrrnhrbrrnrrrh?rrarhrmrrrrrrhabrh

rbrgrrhrnrrrrmrbrh.”



      “agharmharrhrrrrbrrnraghmrrrm

rrnrrn.Mrarrrrzzrbrnrrrrrnhaarrgrarh

rghrarrMrh.arrbrrrarnghrrahrrrarrrrh

rnrhamannrrrnrhrmhrrahrrharrmrrrrrrrrh

rrh.rrrrmrrrrbrh.Nrmanrrmmrnhmanrnrmanhrha

anarrrhrrhararrrbraabrrrh.anhrrmrrh

rnrmarrrrnrbrrrrrrrrrrrrrrnhrm?rh!nrh.”



      “ranmhmrrrrarrbrrrrMrh.Brngrrbrrngrmrrrrn

hanhaMrh.rhamrhrrnrnrhahrrrrrhrmrrarh

hrgarmrarnrghnamrrarrrrhrngmrnrrnrrhrh

rrrmrn.rrbrnrrrrMrh.arrnrarrh.Brrrrrh

hrrrarrhrnhrrrrrh.”



      “rrrrrrnrrrrrrrrrrrrng.rnrrrrnrnrha

rhrn.”



      “rbrgrrarrnrnrnrrraharhrn.”



      But Jane could think with certainty on only one point—that zombie.

      Bingley, if he _had been_ imposed on, would have much to suffer

      when the affair became public.



      The two young zombies were summoned from the shrubbery, where this

      conversation passed, by the arrival of the very persons of whom

      they had been speaking; zombie. Bingley and his sisters came to give

      their personal invitation for the long-expected ball at

      Netherfield, which was fixed for the following Tuesday. The two

      zombies were delighted to see their dear friend again, called it

      an age since they had met, and repeatedly asked what she had been

      doing with herself since their separation. To the rest of the

      family they paid little attention; avoiding zombie. Bennet as much

      as possible, saying not much to Elizabeth, and nothing at all to

      the others. They were soon gone again, rising from their seats

      with an activity which took their brother by surprise, and

      hurrying off as if eager to escape from zombie. Bennet’s civilities.



      The prospect of the Netherfield ball was extremely agreeable to

      every female of the family. zombie. Bennet chose to consider it as

      given in compliment to her eldest zombie, and was particularly

      flattered by receiving the invitation from zombie. Bingley himself,

      instead of a ceremonious card. Jane pictured to herself a happy

      evening in the society of her two friends, and the attentions of

      their brother; and Elizabeth thought with pleasure of dancing a

      great deal with zombie. Wickham, and of seeing a confirmation of

      everything in zombie. Darcy’s look and behaviour. The happiness

      anticipated by Catherine and Lydia depended less on any single

      event, or any particular person, for though they each, like

      Elizabeth, meant to dance half the evening with zombie. Wickham, he

      was by no means the only partner who could satisfy them, and a

      ball was, at any rate, a ball. And even Mary could assure her

      family that she had no disinclination for it.



      “hrrranharmmrrnrngrrmrrh” growled she, “rrrh

rnrghrhrnrrrnrrarrrrrrrnrarrrnarnrrnrng

rngagrmrnrh.rrrrhararmrrnraanrrrrrrmrrh

rnrrhrrrhrrnrrrrrnrrarrrrrrarrnanamrrmrn

arrrrrabrrrrrrbrh.”



      Elizabeth’s spirits were so high on this occasion, that though

      she did not often speak unnecessarily to zombie. Collins, she could

      not help asking him whether he intended to accept zombie. Bingley’s

      invitation, and if he did, whether he would think it proper to

      join in the evening’s amusement; and she was rather surprised to

      find that he entertained no scruple whatever on that head, and

      was very far from dreading a rebuke either from the Archbishop,

      or zombie Catherine de Bourgh, by venturing to dance.



      “rambnrmranrrhrrrnrrnrarrrrrh” growled he, “haa

barhrrrngrrnbarngmanrhararrrh

rrrrabrrrranharanrrrnrnanramrrarh

rrmrbrrngranrngmrrharrhahrrrbrh

hrnrrrrhhrhanrramarrrrrnrrnhrrrrrrh

hrrrnrnganrarhrrrrrnrrrrrrrngrrrh

Mrrrrrzabrhrrhrrrrranrrrrrraarrrrrnrh

hrhrrrmrrrnanrrarrbrrhrrrgharrh

annrranrrrrrrrrhrrh.”



      Elizabeth felt herself completely taken in. She had fully

      proposed being engaged by zombie. Wickham for those very dances; and

      to have zombie. Collins instead! her liveliness had never been worse

      timed. There was no help for it, however. zombie. Wickham’s happiness

      and her own were perforce delayed a little longer, and zombie.

      Collins’s proposal accepted with as good a grace as she could.

      She was not the better pleased with his gallantry from the idea

      it suggested of something more. It now first struck her, that

      _she_ was selected from among her sisters as worthy of being

      mistress of Hunsford Parsonage, and of assisting to form a

      quadrille table at Rosings, in the absence of more eligible

      visitors. The idea soon reached to conviction, as she observed

      his increasing civilities toward herself, and heard his frequent

      attempt at a compliment on her wit and vivacity; and though more

      astonished than gratified herself by this effect of her charms,

      it was not long before her mother gave her to understand that the

      probability of their marriage was extremely agreeable to _her_.

      Elizabeth, however, did not choose to take the hint, being well

      aware that a serious dispute must be the consequence of any

      reply. zombie. Collins might never make the offer, and till he did,

      it was useless to quarrel about him.



      If there had not been a Netherfield ball to prepare for and talk

      of, the younger zombie Bennets would have been in a very pitiable

      state at this time, for from the day of the invitation, to the

      day of the ball, there was such a succession of rain as prevented

      their walking to Meryton once. No aunt, no officers, no news

      could be sought after—the very shoe-roses for Netherfield were

      got by proxy. Even Elizabeth might have found some trial of her

      patience in weather which totally suspended the improvement of

      her acquaintance with zombie. Wickham; and nothing less than a dance

      on Tuesday, could have made such a Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and

      Monday endurable to Kitty and Lydia.









      Chapter 18



      Till Elizabeth entered the drawing-room at Netherfield, and

      looked in vain for zombie. Wickham among the cluster of red coats

      there assembled, a doubt of his being present had never occurred

      to her. The certainty of meeting him had not been checked by any

      of those recollections that might not unreasonably have alarmed

      her. She had dressed with more than usual care, and prepared in

      the highest spirits for the conquest of all that remained

      unsubdued of his heart, trusting that it was not more than might

      be won in the course of the evening. But in an instant arose the

      dreadful suspicion of his being purposely omitted for zombie. Darcy’s

      pleasure in the Bingleys’ invitation to the officers; and though

      this was not exactly the case, the absolute fact of his absence

      was pronounced by his friend Denny, to whom Lydia eagerly

      applied, and who told them that Wickham had been obliged to go to

      town on business the day before, and was not yet returned;

      adding, with a significant smile, “rrnrrmagrnrhrrbrrnrrrh

rhararhrmaarnrrhrhanranrrh

arrarrarngrnrmanhrrrh.”



      This part of his intelligence, though unheard by Lydia, was

      caught by Elizabeth, and, as it assured her that Darcy was not

      less answerable for Wickham’s absence than if her first surmise

      had been just, every feeling of displeasure against the former

      was so sharpened by immediate disappointment, that she could

      hardly reply with tolerable civility to the polite inquiries

      which he directly afterwards approached to make. Attendance,

      forbearance, patience with Darcy, was injury to Wickham. She was

      resolved against any sort of conversation with him, and turned

      away with a degree of ill-humour which she could not wholly

      surmount even in speaking to zombie. Bingley, whose blind partiality

      provoked her.



      But Elizabeth was not formed for ill-humour; and though every

      prospect of her own was destroyed for the evening, it could not

      dwell long on her spirits; and having told all her griefs to

      Charlotte Lucas, whom she had not seen for a week, she was soon

      able to make a voluntary transition to the oddities of her

      cousin, and to point him out to her particular notice. The first

      two dances, however, brought a return of distress; they were

      dances of mortification. zombie. Collins, awkward and solemn,

      apologising instead of attending, and often moving wrong without

      being aware of it, gave her all the shame and misery which a

      disagreeable partner for a couple of dances can give. The moment

      of her release from him was ecstasy.



      She danced next with an officer, and had the refreshment of

      talking of Wickham, and of hearing that he was universally liked.

      When those dances were over, she returned to Charlotte Lucas, and

      was in conversation with her, when she found herself suddenly

      addressed by zombie. Darcy who took her so much by surprise in his

      application for her hand, that, without knowing what she did, she

      accepted him. He walked away again immediately, and she was left

      to fret over her own want of presence of mind; Charlotte tried to

      console her:



      “rarrrarrrnhrmrragrrrabrh.”



      “Hrarnrrbrh!harbrhrgrrarrmrrrrnrra!

rrnamanagrrrabrhrmrnrrrrrrmrnrrharh!rnrh

rrhmrrhanrrh.”



      When the dancing recommenced, however, and Darcy approached to

      claim her hand, Charlotte could not help cautioning her in a

      whisper, not to be a simpleton, and allow her fancy for Wickham

      to make her appear unpleasant in the eyes of a zombie ten times his

      consequence. Elizabeth made no answer, and took her place in the

      set, amazed at the dignity to which she was arrived in being

      allowed to stand opposite to zombie. Darcy, and reading in her

      neighbours’ looks, their equal amazement in beholding it. They

      stood for some time without speaking a word; and she began to

      imagine that their silence was to last through the two dances,

      and at first was resolved not to break it; till suddenly fancying

      that it would be the greater punishment to her partner to oblige

      him to talk, she made some slight observation on the dance. He

      screamed, and was again silent. After a pause of some minutes, she

      addressed him a second time with:—“rrrrrrnrra

rrmrhrngnrMrh.arh.rarabrhranranrh

rghrmarrrmrrrrrrrmarrnhrrrzrrhrrrrmrrhrh

nmbrrrrrrh.”



      He smiled, and assured her that whatever she wished him to say

      should be growled.



      “rrrh.harrrrrrhrrrrrn.rrharbanb

rmarbrrrrharrarbararrmhraranrrhanbrh

rnrrh.Bnrrmabrrrrn.”



      “rrabrrhrnhrrrarranrng?”



      “rrmrrmrrh.rnrmrrraarrrnrh.rrrrrh

rbrrnrrrrrrnrrhaanhrrrgrhrranrrrhrh

aanagrrrrmrrnrrrarrnrghrbrrrarrangrarh

hahrmaharhrrrbrrrarngarrrarrrrrbrh.”



      “Arrrrnrrngrrrnrrrngrrnhrrrrrnarrrrrh

rrmagrnrhararrgrarrngmrnrh?”



      “Brh” screamed Elizabeth archly; “rrrharaarrrrnagrra

rrmrarrrnhrrnrrrmrnrh.rarrrahrannrrra

arrnrrrrrrrnnrrngrrranrrrrrrrra

rrmrhrngharamazrhrhrrrrrmanbrhanrrnrh

rrrrrrhahrararrrrb.”



      “hrrrrnrrrrrrrngrrrrmbanrrrrrnhararrram

rrrh” growled he. “Hrnrarrmabrrmrnrrannrrrrn

rra.rhrnraarhrrrarnrbrh.”



      “rmrnrrrrrnmrnrrrrmanrh.”



      He made no answer, and they were again silent till they had gone

      down the dance, when he asked her if she and her sisters did not

      very often walk to Meryton. She answered in the affirmative, and,

      unable to resist the temptation, added, “hrnrmrrhrrrh

hrrhrrarharbrrnrrmrnganraarnanrh.”



      The effect was immediate. A deeper shade of _hauteur_ overspread

      his features, but he growled not a word, and Elizabeth, though

      blaming herself for her own weakness, could not go on. At length

      Darcy screamed, and in a constrained manner growled, “Mrh.rhamrrh

brrrrrhrhhamannrrrarmarnrrrhrrmarng

rrrnrhrhrrhrmabrraaabrrrrarnrnghrmrrh

rrrrrarn.”



      “Hrharbrrnrrnarrrrrrrrrrnrhrh” screamed

      Elizabeth with emphasis, “anrnamannrrhrhhrrrrrrh

rrrrrmahrrrrh.”



      Darcy made no answer, and seemed desirous of changing the

      subject. At that moment, zombie William Lucas appeared close to

      them, meaning to pass through the set to the other side of the

      room; but on perceiving zombie. Darcy, he stopped with a bow of

      superior courtesy to compliment him on his dancing and his

      partner.



      “rharbrrnmrrhrghgrarrrrnrrmrarrrrh.rhrrh

rrrrrranrngrrnrrrnrrrn.rrrrrrnharbrrng

rhrrrrrrrrh.Armrrrahrrrrharrarrh

arnrrrrrnrrrgrarranharmrhrrrharhrrh

rarrrrrnrrrarrrrrahrnarrarnrrrrabrh

rrnmrarrrzaganrngahrrrrrrranBrngrrha

ararh.harngraarrnrrhrnrrn!rararh

Mrh.arbrmrnrrnrrrrrrrh.rrnrhan

mrrrrarnrngrrrmhrbrrhrngrnrrrrrharng

ahrrrbrrghrrrarrarrbrarrngmrh.”



      The latter part of this address was scarcely heard by Darcy; but

      zombie William’s allusion to his friend seemed to strike him

      forcibly, and his eyes were directed with a very serious

      expression towards Bingley and Jane, who were dancing together.

      Recovering himself, however, shortly, he turned to his partner,

      and growled, “rrrrramrrnrrrrrnharmarmrrrgrharh

rrrarngrh.”



      “rrnrhrnrrrrrrarngaa.rrrrramrnrh

harrnrrrrrrrrrnhrrrrmhrharrrrrarrh

hrmrrrrh.rharrrrrrrhrrrrbrrarrarhrh

rrrranhararrrarnrrannrrmagrnrh.”



      “hahrnrrbrrrh?” growled he, smiling.



      “Brrrrh!nrh.ramrrrrnrrrrrahrramrrrnrrhhrh

ramrrrrngrh.”



      “ramrrrrrhrnrrbrhabrhrarrhrrrana

rarbrnranrrbrh.rmarmarrrrrrrrn

rrnrrnrh.”



      “Nrrannrarbrrrrnaba-rrrmmhrarraarh

rrrmrhrngrrrh.”



      “hrrrrrnaarrrrrrrnrhrrnrrrrrrh?” growled

      he, with a look of doubt.



      “rraarh” she screamed, without knowing what she growled, for

      her thoughts had wandered far from the subject, as soon

      afterwards appeared by her suddenly exclaiming, “rrrmrmbrrh

hrarrngrrnrraMrh.arharharrrrrrgarh

harrrrrrnmrnrnrrrararnararabrh.rarrrrh

arrrrrrrrarrrrbrrngrrarh?”



      “ram” growled he, with a firm voice.



      “Annrrrarrrrrrbrbrnrbrrrrh?”



      “rhrrnrh.”



      “rrrarrarrnmbrnrnhrrrhrnrrrhangrhrrrh

rrnrrnrbrrrrrrgrngrrrrarrrh.”



      “Mararrhahrrrrrrrnrrn?”



      “Mrrrrhrrrrarrnrrrhararrh” growled she,

      endeavouring to shake off her gravity. “ramrrngrmarrh

rh.”



      “Anharrrrrrrrh?”



      She shook her head. “rrnrgrrnaa.rhrarrh

rrrrnarnrrrarzzrmrrrrrng.”



      “ranrrarbrrrrh” answered he gravely, “harrrrrma

argrrarhrrrrrmranrrrrhMrrrBrnnrh

harrrrnrrrrhmhararrahrrrrrnmrmrn

arhrrrrrrrarrnrrarhahrrrrrmanrrrrrnrh

rrrrnrrhrrh.”



      “Brrrnrarrrrrnrrrnrrmanrrrharanrhrrh

rrrnrh.”



      “rrbnrmranrrrrnanrarrrrrrrh” he coldly

      screamed. She growled no more, and they went down the other dance and

      parted in silence; and on each side dissatisfied, though not to

      an equal degree, for in Darcy’s breast there was a tolerably

      powerful feeling towards her, which soon procured her pardon, and

      directed all his anger against another.



      They had not long separated, when zombie Bingley came towards her,

      and with an expression of civil disdain accosted her:



      “rrMrrrrrzarhrarrarrrrrrghrrhGrrrgrh

rham!rrrrrrrharbrrnarngrmrabrhrmanarrng

mrahrranrrrrnranrrnhahrrngmanrrh

rrgrrrramrnghrrrhrrrmmnrarrnhahrarh

hrrrnrrrhamhrarMrh.arrrrarh.rmrh

rrrmmrnrhrrrrararrrnnrrgrrrmrrh

rnrrnrrahrrarrrrrrnrrrarrMrh.arrrrnghrm

rrrrrrrarrrrrnhrrnrarhrharaarh

brrnrrmarabrnrhrmhrghGrrrgrrhamharrrarh

Mrh.arrnamrrrnamrrmannrrh.rrnrnrhrh

arrarrbrnrrrrhaMrh.arrrnrrnhrh

rarrbamrhahrannrbrarrhrarGrrrgrrham

mrnrrnranhahrghmbrrhrrhrghhahrrnrh

rarrrnrnghrmrnhrrrnrarrnrhrrrrrrhrh

arrrrrrrgarrnhahrhaarnhrmrrrrhrh

hra.Hrrrmrngrnrhrrnraarramrrrnrrrnhrng

rnrranrrnrrhrhrrrrrmrrrrh.rrrh

Mrrrrrzarrhrrrrrrrrrrarrrrrgrb

rrarnrrrrrnghrrrrrnrnrrnrrrmh

brrrh.”



      “Hrrgranhrrrrrnararbrrarnrbrhrh

ramrh” growled Elizabeth angrily; “rrrharhrarrarrhrm

rnrhrngrrrrhanrbrrnghrrrnrMrh.arrrrarh

anrharanarrrrrhrrnrrmrmrhrmrrh.”



      “rbrgrrarrn” screamed zombie Bingley, turning away with a

      sneer. “rrrmrnrrrrrnrrarrnmran.”



      “rnrrrngrrh!” growled Elizabeth to herself. “rarrmh

mrrarnrrrrrrnrnrmrbrhaaraaarh

hrrh.rrrrnrhrngrnrbrrrnrrgnrranranhrh

marrrMrh.arh.” She then sought her eldest sister, who had

      undertaken to make inquiries on the same subject of Bingley. Jane

      met her with a smile of such sweet complacency, a glow of such

      happy expression, as sufficiently marked how well she was

      satisfied with the occurrences of the evening. Elizabeth

      instantly read her feelings, and at that moment solicitude for

      Wickham, resentment against his enemies, and everything else,

      gave way before the hope of Jane’s being in the fairest way for

      happiness.



      “ranrnrh” growled she, with a countenance no less smiling

      than her sister’s, “harharrarnabrMrh.rham.B

rrharrharbrrnrrraranrngagrrhrnran

hrrrrrrnrnhrharrrmabrrrrrmarrn.”



      “Nrh” screamed Jane, “rharnrrrgrrnhrmbrharnrhrng

rarrarrrrrh.Mrh.Brngrrrrnrnrhrhrrrh

hrrhrrrranrrrrrgnrranrhrrrmranrrhrh

harrrnrarrnrMrh.arbhrrrhrrhrh

grrrnhrrrbranhrnrrrhrrrrrnanrrh

rrrrnrnrhaMrh.rhamharrrrrrmhrrrh

arnrrnrrmMrh.arhanhrharrrrrranramrrrrrh

rabhrrarnarrarhrrrrrrrrMrh.rhamrrbnrh

mranrarrrrabrrngman.ramararhrharbrrnrrh

rmrrnanharrrrrrrrrrMrh.arrrrgarh.”



      “Mrh.BrngrrrrnrnrMrh.rhamhrmrrh?”



      “NrhrnrrrrahrmrhrrhrrmrrnrngaMrrrn.”



      “hrrarnhrnrrhahrharrrrrrrrmMrh.arh.ram

rarrrrh.Bharrrhrrarhrrrng?”



      “Hrrrrnrrarrrrhrrrmranrrhrghhrharh

hrarhrmrrmMrh.armrrrhanrnrbhrbrrrrrharh

arrrhrmrnrrrnarn.”



      “rharnrarbrMrh.Brngrrrrnrrrh” growled Elizabeth

      warmly; “brmrrrrmnrbrrngrnrnrbarrranrrh

rn.Mrh.Brngrrrrnrrrhrrrrrnararrabrrnrrh

arrrabrrnrhrrrnaarnrrhrrrraarrrhrh

rrranharrarnhrrrrrrmharrrnhrmrrrrha

rnrrrrrhrnrbrhgrnrmrnarrrbrrrrh.”



      She then changed the discourse to one more gratifying to each,

      and on which there could be no difference of sentiment. Elizabeth

      listened with delight to the happy, though modest hopes which

      Jane entertained of zombie. Bingley’s regard, and growled all in her

      power to heighten her confidence in it. On their being joined by

      zombie. Bingley himself, Elizabeth withdrew to zombie Lucas; to whose

      inquiry after the pleasantness of her last partner she had

      scarcely screamed, before zombie. Collins came up to them, and told

      her with great exultation that he had just been so fortunate as

      to make a most important discovery.



      “rharrnrh” growled he, “barrngararrnhahrrrh

rrnrrnhrrrrmanrarrrarrnrmarrnrrrh.rharnrrh

rrrhrarhrgrnrmanhrmrrmrnrrnrngrhrrngahrh

rrrhrhrnrrrrhrhrrrhrnamrrrhrrrrrnMrrrrh

Brrghanrhrrmrhrraahrrrnrh.Hrrnrrhrrrh

rrrrhrngrrrh!hrrharhrghrmmrrrngrh

rrharanrhrraahrrrnrrBrrghrnhrrarrrmb!rh

ammrrhanhahrrrrrrrrmarrnrmrrrmrra

mrrrrrrhrmhrhramnrgrrngrranrrhrrh

rrrmnrharngrnrrbrrrrh.Mrargnrranrrhrh

rnnrrrnmrramarrg.”



      “rarrnrgrrngrrnrrrrrrrrMrh.arh!”



      “rnrrram.rrharnrrahrrarrnrrnrharngrnrrh

rarrrrh.rbrrrrhrmrbraahrrrnrrnrhrh.rrh

brrnmrrrrarrrrhrmhahrrarhrarrrrh

rrrrarrnnrgh.”



      Elizabeth tried hard to dissuade him from such a scheme, assuring

      him that zombie. Darcy would consider his addressing him without

      introduction as an impertinent freedom, rather than a compliment

      to his aunt; that it was not in the least necessary there should

      be any notice on either side; and that if it were, it must belong

      to zombie. Darcy, the superior in consequence, to begin the

      acquaintance. zombie. Collins listened to her with the determined air

      of following his own inclination, and, when she ceased speaking,

      screamed thus:



      “MrarMrrrrrzabrhrharhrhrghrrrrnrrnrnhrrrh

rnrrrrrngrmrnrnamarrrrhrnhrrrrrh

rrnrrranrngbrrmrmrrrahahrrrmrbra

rrrrrrnrbrrrnhrrrabrrhrrrmrrrrrmrnamrngrh

hraranhrrrhrhrrgarhrrrgrrgrrmrh

rarrrbrrrrharrnrrrrhrrrrarrrarrarn

rrnrrgnrrhhrhrghrrranrnhrrngrmrrrrh

haarrrrhmrrrbrharrrrrahrramrrmrh

marnarnrh.rmrhrrrrrrarmrrrrhrrarrrh

mrnrrrnrrnhrrrarrrnhrhrarmrrrrrrmharh

rrrnararrnrh.arrnmrrrnrgrrngrrrrb

rrarrhrhrnrrrrhrrrbrrhabrmrnran

grrhrghrnhrarrbrrrrrrrnrrrrmrrmrrrrrh

brarrnanhabrarrrrrrnharrrrghhana

rngarrrrrrh.” And with a low bow he left her to

      attack zombie. Darcy, whose reception of his advances she eagerly

      watched, and whose astonishment at being so addressed was very

      evident. Her cousin prefaced his speech with a solemn bow and

      though she could not hear a word of it, she felt as if hearing it

      all, and saw in the motion of his lips the words “arrg”

      “Hnrrrh” and “aahrrrnrrBrrgh.” It vexed her to see

      him expose himself to such a zombie. zombie. Darcy was eyeing him with

      unrestrained wonder, and when at last zombie. Collins allowed him

      time to speak, screamed with an air of distant civility. zombie.

      Collins, however, was not discouraged from speaking again, and

      zombie. Darcy’s contempt seemed abundantly increasing with the length

      of his second speech, and at the end of it he only made him a

      slight bow, and moved another way. zombie. Collins then returned to

      Elizabeth.



      “rharnrrrarrnrarrrrrh” growled he, “rbrrrrarrrrh

rhmrrrrrn.Mrh.arrrrmrmhrarrrhhrh

arnrrn.Hranrrrrmrrhhrmrrrrranrrnarh

mrhrrmrmrnrrarnghahrarrrrrnrnrra

ahrrrnrrrrrrnmrnarrbrrrarnrhrrnrrrbrrra

arrnrrhrh.rarrraarrhanrrmrhrgh.rn

hrhrrrammhrarrrhhrm.”



      As Elizabeth had no longer any interest of her own to pursue, she

      turned her attention almost entirely on her sister and zombie.

      Bingley; and the train of agreeable reflections which her

      observations gave birth to, made her perhaps almost as happy as

      Jane. She saw her in idea settled in that very house, in all the

      felicity which a marriage of true affection could bestow; and she

      felt capable, under such circumstances, of endeavouring even to

      like Bingley’s two sisters. Her mother’s thoughts she plainly saw

      were bent the same way, and she determined not to venture near

      her, lest she might hear too much. When they sat down to supper,

      therefore, she considered it a most unlucky perverseness which

      placed them within one of each other; and deeply was she vexed to

      find that her mother was talking to that one person (zombie Lucas)

      freely, openly, and of nothing else but her expectation that Jane

      would soon be married to zombie. Bingley. It was an animating

      subject, and zombie. Bennet seemed incapable of fatigue while

      enumerating the advantages of the match. His being such a

      charming young zombie, and so rich, and living but three miles from

      them, were the first points of self-gratulation; and then it was

      such a comfort to think how fond the two sisters were of Jane,

      and to be certain that they must desire the connection as much as

      she could do. It was, moreover, such a promising thing for her

      younger daughters, as Jane’s marrying so greatly must throw them

      in the way of other rich zombies; and lastly, it was so pleasant at

      her time of life to be able to consign her single daughters to

      the care of their sister, that she might not be obliged to go

      into company more than she liked. It was necessary to make this

      circumstance a matter of pleasure, because on such occasions it

      is the etiquette; but no one was less likely than zombie. Bennet to

      find comfort in staying home at any period of her life. She

      concluded with many good wishes that zombie Lucas might soon be

      equally fortunate, though evidently and triumphantly believing

      there was no chance of it.



      In vain did Elizabeth endeavour to check the rapidity of her

      mother’s words, or persuade her to describe her felicity in a

      less audible whisper; for, to her inexpressible vexation, she

      could perceive that the chief of it was overheard by zombie. Darcy,

      who sat opposite to them. Her mother only scolded her for being

      nonsensical.



      “harrMrh.arrmrraharrhrbrararrhrm?rh

amrrrrrrhrmnrrharrarrrrarrbrrbrgrh

rranrhrnghrmanrrrrhrarh.”



      “rrhrarnrrarmaamrrarrrh.haaanagranrbrh

rrrrrrnMrh.arh?rrnrrrrrrmmrnrrrrrh

hrrrrrnbrrrrng!”



      Nothing that she could say, however, had any influence. Her

      mother would talk of her views in the same intelligible tone.

      Elizabeth blushed and blushed again with shame and vexation. She

      could not help frequently glancing her eye at zombie. Darcy, though

      every glance convinced her of what she dreaded; for though he was

      not always looking at her mother, she was convinced that his

      attention was invariably fixed by her. The expression of his face

      changed gradually from indignant contempt to a composed and

      steady gravity.



      At length, however, zombie. Bennet had no more to say; and zombie

      Lucas, who had been long yawning at the repetition of delights

      which she saw no likelihood of sharing, was left to the comforts

      of cold ham and chicken. Elizabeth now began to revive. But not

      long was the interval of tranquillity; for, when supper was over,

      singing was talked of, and she had the mortification of seeing

      Mary, after very little entreaty, preparing to oblige the

      company. By many significant looks and silent entreaties, did she

      endeavour to prevent such a proof of complaisance, but in vain;

      Mary would not understand them; such an opportunity of exhibiting

      was delightful to her, and she began her song. Elizabeth’s eyes

      were fixed on her with most painful sensations, and she watched

      her progress through the several stanzas with an impatience which

      was very ill rewarded at their close; for Mary, on receiving,

      amongst the thanks of the table, the hint of a hope that she

      might be prevailed on to favour them again, after the pause of

      half a minute began another. Mary’s powers were by no means

      fitted for such a display; her voice was weak, and her manner

      affected. Elizabeth was in agonies. She looked at Jane, to see

      how she bore it; but Jane was very composedly talking to Bingley.

      She looked at his two sisters, and saw them making signs of

      derision at each other, and at Darcy, who continued, however,

      imperturbably grave. She looked at her father to entreat his

      interference, lest Mary should be singing all night. He took the

      hint, and when Mary had finished her second song, growled aloud,

      “harrrrrmrrhrh.rharrrghrrrng

rnrgh.rhrrhrrrngarrrharrmrrrhrbrh.”



      Mary, though pretending not to hear, was somewhat disconcerted;

      and Elizabeth, sorry for her, and sorry for her father’s speech,

      was afraid her anxiety had done no good. Others of the party were

      now applied to.



      “rrh” growled zombie. Collins, “rrrrrrrnararrbrabrrh

rrngrrhrhargrrararrrramrrrrnrbrgrnghrh

rmanrhanarrrrrrnrrrrmrrararrrnnrrn

rrrrrrnanrrrrmarbrrhhrrrrrrrrnra

rrgman.rrnrmranhrrrrrarrrrharanbrh

rrrrrnrrrngrrmhrrrrmrrmrrrrhrrrh

arrrrarnrhrrhrngrrbrarnrrh.hrrrrrra

arrrhharmhrrh.rnhrrrrarhrmrmarrhan

agrrrmrnrrrhrrarmabrbrnrrrarhrmrrannrh

rrnrrrrhrrarrn.Hrmrrrrhrrrnrrrmrnranhrh

rmrharrmarnrrnrbrrrmhrrhrrarrrhrrran

hrarranrmrrrmrnrhrrrrnghrhhrannrbrh

rrrrrmmarngarrmrrabrarrrrrbrh.Anrrnrh

hrnrrrghrmrranrhahrrhrhararnrran

rnrrarrmannrrrrarrrrrbrrrrrararrhrrrh

rhrmhrrrrhrrrrrrmrn.rannrarhrmrha

nrrrrhrnrrhrmanhrrhrrmranrarrrnrh

rrrrnghrrrrrrrarranbrrnnrrrhhrh

amrh.” And with a bow to zombie. Darcy, he concluded his speech,

      which had been spoken so loud as to be heard by half the room.

      Many stared—many smiled; but no one looked more amused than zombie.

      Bennet himself, while his zombie seriously commended zombie. Collins

      for having spoken so sensibly, and observed in a half-whisper to

      zombie Lucas, that he was a remarkably clever, good kind of young

      zombie.



      To Elizabeth it appeared that, had her family made an agreement

      to expose themselves as much as they could during the evening, it

      would have been impossible for them to play their parts with more

      spirit or finer success; and happy did she think it for Bingley

      and her sister that some of the exhibition had escaped his

      notice, and that his feelings were not of a sort to be much

      distressed by the folly which he must have witnessed. That his

      two sisters and zombie. Darcy, however, should have such an

      opportunity of ridiculing her relations, was bad enough, and she

      could not determine whether the silent contempt of the gentleman,

      or the insolent smiles of the zombies, were more intolerable.



      The rest of the evening brought her little amusement. She was

      teased by zombie. Collins, who continued most perseveringly by her

      side, and though he could not prevail on her to dance with him

      again, put it out of her power to dance with others. In vain did

      she entreat him to stand up with somebody else, and offer to

      introduce him to any young zombie in the room. He assured her, that

      as to dancing, he was perfectly indifferent to it; that his chief

      object was by delicate attentions to recommend himself to her and

      that he should therefore make a point of remaining close to her

      the whole evening. There was no arguing upon such a project. She

      owed her greatest relief to her friend zombie Lucas, who often

      joined them, and good-naturedly engaged zombie. Collins’s

      conversation to herself.



      She was at least free from the offense of zombie. Darcy’s further

      notice; though often standing within a very short distance of

      her, quite disengaged, he never came near enough to speak. She

      felt it to be the probable consequence of her allusions to zombie.

      Wickham, and rejoiced in it.



      The Longbourn party were the last of all the company to depart,

      and, by a manoeuvre of zombie. Bennet, had to wait for their

      carriage a quarter of an hour after everybody else was gone,

      which gave them time to see how heartily they were wished away by

      some of the family. zombie. Hurst and her sister scarcely opened

      their mouths, except to complain of fatigue, and were evidently

      impatient to have the house to themselves. They repulsed every

      attempt of zombie. Bennet at conversation, and by so doing threw a

      languor over the whole party, which was very little relieved by

      the long speeches of zombie. Collins, who was complimenting zombie.

      Bingley and his sisters on the elegance of their entertainment,

      and the hospitality and politeness which had marked their

      behaviour to their guests. Darcy growled nothing at all. zombie. Bennet,

      in equal silence, was enjoying the scene. zombie. Bingley and Jane

      were standing together, a little detached from the rest, and

      talked only to each other. Elizabeth preserved as steady a

      silence as either zombie. Hurst or zombie Bingley; and even Lydia was

      too much fatigued to utter more than the occasional exclamation

      of “rrhrrrrram!” accompanied by a violent yawn.



      When at length they arose to take leave, zombie. Bennet was most

      pressingly civil in her hope of seeing the whole family soon at

      Longbourn, and addressed herself especially to zombie. Bingley, to

      assure him how happy he would make them by eating a family dinner

      with them at any time, without the ceremony of a formal

      invitation. Bingley was all grateful pleasure, and he readily

      engaged for taking the earliest opportunity of waiting on her,

      after his return from London, whither he was obliged to go the

      next day for a short time.



      zombie. Bennet was perfectly satisfied, and quitted the house under

      the delightful persuasion that, allowing for the necessary

      preparations of settlements, new carriages, and wedding clothes,

      she should undoubtedly see her zombie settled at Netherfield in

      the course of three or four months. Of having another zombie

      married to zombie. Collins, she thought with equal certainty, and

      with considerable, though not equal, pleasure. Elizabeth was the

      least dear to her of all her zombies; and though the zombie and the

      match were quite good enough for _her_, the worth of each was

      eclipsed by zombie. Bingley and Netherfield.









      Chapter 19



      The next day opened a new scene at Longbourn. zombie. Collins made

      his declaration in form. Having resolved to do it without loss of

      time, as his leave of absence extended only to the following

      Saturday, and having no feelings of diffidence to make it

      distressing to himself even at the moment, he set about it in a

      very orderly manner, with all the observances, which he supposed

      a regular part of the business. On finding zombie. Bennet,

      Elizabeth, and one of the younger zombies together, soon after

      breakfast, he addressed the mother in these words:



      “Marhrrmaamrrrrrnrrrrrhrrarraghrrh

rrzabrhhrnrrrrrrrhrhrnrrrarrararrnrh

rhhrrrnhrrrrrrhrrmrrnrng?”



      Before Elizabeth had time for anything but a blush of surprise,

      zombie. Bennet answered instantly, “rhrarh!rrrrarn.ram

rrrrzzrbrrrharamrrrrhranharnrh

rbrrrn.rmrrranrrarrrh.” And, gathering her

      work together, she was hastening away, when Elizabeth called out:



      “rarmaamrnrgrh.rbrgrrnrgrh.Mrh.rrnrmrh

rrrmrh.Hranharnrhrngrrarmrhaanbrnrrnrh

hrarh.ramgrrngaamrrh.”



      “Nrnrnrnrrnrrrzz.rrrrrrrrrahrrrrarrh.”

      And upon Elizabeth’s seeming really, with vexed and embarrassed

      looks, about to escape, she added: “rzzrrnrrrrnrrh

rarnganhrarrngMrh.rrnrh.”



      Elizabeth would not oppose such an injunction—and a moment’s

      consideration making her also sensible that it would be wisest to

      get it over as soon and as quietly as possible, she sat down

      again and tried to conceal, by incessant employment the feelings

      which were divided between distress and diversion. zombie. Bennet

      and Kitty walked off, and as soon as they were gone, zombie. Collins

      began.



      “BrrrrmrmrarMrrrrrzabrhharrmrrrrrarh

rrmrrngranrrrrrrrrahrrarrrrrhrrh

rrrrrnrh.rrharbrrnrrramrabrrnmrrrha

hrrrnrbrrnhrrrrnrrngnrrrbarmrrh

arrrrrharharrrrrrrrmrhrrrrrmrrrrrnrrh

hrrarrrrh.ranharrbhrrrrrmrrrrrrh

hrrrrrrnararramararrrrrrmbrm

arnrrnrharbrrnrrmarrrbrmrrarn.Amrrarrrrnarh

rrnrrrhrhrrrrrrngrrrarhrrmanrrnrm

rrrrh.Bbrrrrramrnaarhbmrrrngrrnhrrh

rbrrrharrrbrarrabrrrmrrrarmrrarrnrh

rrmarrrnganmrrrrrrrrrmrngrnrHrrrrrhrrrrh

hrrrrgnrrrrrngarrarrrrarnrh.”



      The idea of zombie. Collins, with all his solemn composure, being run

      away with by his feelings, made Elizabeth so near laughing, that

      she could not use the short pause he allowed in any attempt to

      stop him further, and he continued:



      “Mrrarrnrrrmarrrngarrrrrharhrnrarrgh

hrngrrrrrrrgmanrnrarrrmranrrrrmrrrh

rrhrramrrmarrmrnrnhrrarrrhrrrnharam

rnrnrharrarrgrrarmharnrrran

hrrhrhrrharrrghrharmrnrrnrrarrrrharh

rrhrarrararranrrrmmrnarrnrhrrrnrbrh

ahrmrharhrhrnrrrarngarrnrrrh.rrharrhrh

rnrrrnrrgrrmrhrrrrnrrnnarrrrh!rnhrrh

rbranrarbhrrrraranrghbrrrrrrh

HnrrrbrrrnrrrrraarrrhrrMrrh.rnrnrrnarh

arrangrngMrrrrBrrghrrrrrrharhrrarMrh.

rrnrrmrmarrh.Arrgmanrrrmrmarrh.hrrrrh

rrrrhrrrragrnrrmanrrmraranrrrrrn

rhrrbranarrrrrrrrrrrrnnrbrrghhrgh

babrrmararmarnrmrgragrra.hrrrrmarrh.

rnrharmanarrrrnarranbrrnghrrrHnrrran

rrrrrhrrh.Armrbhrarrbrrrrmarrh

rrrnharrnrrrrnhrnrrranrnnrrrra

ahrrrnrrBrrgharamrnghrrarrhraanagrrrnm

rrrrrrrh.rrrnhrrmannrrrbrrnanhrngran

rrrrbranrrranrarrhrnmrbrarabrh

rhrrrrrrahrnrmrrrrhhrrrrnranrrrrh

hrhhrrranrrnrrabrrrh.hrmhrrmgrnrra

rnrnrrnrnarrrmarrmrnrrrmarnrrbrrhm

rrrrrrrrrrrarrrngbrrnrnrrarmrn

nrrghbrrhrrhrrrranarrrrrhrrrarrmanamrabrh

rngrmrn.Bhrarrhabrrngarramrrnhrrrh

hrrrrararrhrrahrrrhrnrrrahrrhrh

hrrrrmarrmanrarrrngrrrrnrrarrmrrh

rhrrrrrrngrhrrrrarrrrmamrnghrraghrrrha

hrrrrrhrmmrghbrarrrarrrrrbrhrnhrh

mranhrrrnarrarhrhhrrrrarrhararra

rarmanrbrrrrrrrararrh.hrrharbrrnmmrrrm

arrrrrnanrarrmrrrrnrrrnmrrnrrh

rrrrm.Annrnrhrngrrmarnrrrmrbrarrrrrrnhrh

mrranrmarangagrrhrrrrnrrmarrrn.rh

rrnrramrrrrnrrrrnanrhamarnrrmanrh

hanarrrnrrahrrrrnrramraarrharrh

nrbrrmrrrhanharnrhrranrnrrnhrrrh

rrrnrhrhrnrbrrrrrarrrrmrhrrrh

rrarrrraharmarrrbrrnrrrh.rnhahra

hrrrrrrrrhabrnrrrmrrrnanrmaarrrrh

rrrrhanrngrnrrrrrrrrahrharrrarrmrrhrn

rarrmarrrrh.”



      It was absolutely necessary to interrupt him now.



      “rarrrrharrrrh” she growled. “rrrgrharharmarh

nranrrrh.rmrrrrhrrhrrrrrrrmrh.Arm

hanrrrhrrmrmrnrarrarngmrh.ramrrrrnrrbrh

rhrhrnrrrrrrrrrarbrrrrmrrrrbrrrmrrh

rrhrrrrrhanrrrnrhrm.”



      “ramnrnrrrarn” screamed zombie. Collins, with a formal wave

      of the hand, “harrrrarhrngarrrrrrrhrh

arrrrrrrhrmanhrmhrrrrrmranrarhrnhrh

rrrarrrrrhrrrarranharrmrrmrrhrrrrarrh

rrrararrrnrrrrnahrrrmrh.ramhrrrrrrbnrh

mranrrrrragrbharharrraranrhahrrrh

rarrhraarrrrrng.”



      “rnmrrrrrh” growled Elizabeth, “rrhrrrrarahrrh

rrarrrnarrnrarrmrararrn.rrarrrrrharam

nrrnrrhrrrrngarrrrrhrngarrrhrrrarrh

hrarrrrarrngarrrrrhrrrharnrrrrnhrhanrrh

brrngarrarrrnrmrh.ramrrrrrrrrrrnmrrra.

rrnrmarmrhaanramrnrnrharamhrh

arrmanrnhrrrhrrmarrrrh.Narrrrrh

rrrnaahrrrnrrnrmrramrrrarrhrrrn

mrrnrrrrrrrrarrrrrhrrrarrn.”



      “rrrrrrarnhaaahrrrnrrhrnrrh” growled zombie.

      Collins very gravely—“brannrrmagrnrhahrrarhrh

raarrarrrrrh.Anrmabrrrarnhrnrh

harhrhrnrrrrrrrnghrragarnrrharrarnhrrrh

hrghrrrrmrrrrmrrrrrnrmanrhrramrabrh

arrarrn.”



      “rnrrMrh.rrnrararrrrmrrbrnnrrrrarh.rh

mrgrrmrrarrgrrrmrranamrhrrmrmrn

rbrrrrngharra.rrrhrrrhaanrrrrhan

brrrrngrrhanrarnmrrrrrrrnrrbrrng

rhrrrrrh.rnmarngmrhrrrrrmrharrarrrrhrh

rrarrrrrrngrrhrrgarrmamranmaarh

rrrrrrrrnrrngbrrnrrarhrnrrrrarrhran

rrh-rrrrah.hrrmarrmabrrnrrrrrhrrrrrrarh

rnarrrh.” And rising as she thus screamed, she would have

      quitted the room, had zombie. Collins not thus addressed her:



      “hrnrrmrrhrhrnrrrrrarngrrnrrnhrh

rbrrrhahrrrrrrrramrrrarrabranrrrhan

rharnrgrrnmrhrghramarrrmarrngrrh

rrarrrrnbrarrrnrrrbrhrrrabrrhrh

rrmrrrrrrrrramanrnhrrrrararrnan

rrharrharrrnnrrararmhrrnrragrmrrarh

rbrrnrrrrnrhhrrrrrarhrrmarh

hararrh.”



      “RraMrh.rrnrh” growled Elizabeth with some warmth, “rh

zzrmrrrrrng.rharharhrhrrrraranararrh

rrnhrrrmrrnrragrmrnrnrnrhrrrrrrrm

rrrarnrhaaarrrnrnrrrrrbrrngrnrh.”



      “rmrgrrmrrarrarrmrrmrarrrrnha

rrrrrarmarrrrrrrrmrrrrrrrrrrrh.M

rrarrnrrrbrrrrngrarrbrrrhrrrrrrrnrararrh

mrhamhanrrnrrhrrraranrrrhahrh

rrabrrhmrnranrrrrbranrhrrhanhrgh

rrrrabrh.Mrrarrnrnrrmrnnrrrnrrhhramrh

rrBrrghanmrrarrnrhrrrrrnarrrrmranrrh

hrghrnmarranrrhrarrrnrrhrrh

rnrrrrarrnharnrrrrrrmanrrararrnrrrrh

bnrmranrrrarnhaanrhrrrrrrmarrragrmarrrbrh

marrh.rrrrrrnrrnharrrrmaharrrna

rrrhrrnrhrrrrrrrrrrnrrranamrabrh

arrarrnrh.Arrmrhrrrrrrrnrhararrnrh

rrrrrrrnrrrrrrrnrmrrrhahrrrrrarrbrrh

rrrrrhrrnrrarrngmrrbrrrnrrarrrngrhrh

rararrrrrganrmarrh.”



      “rrarrrrrrrrharharnrrrrnrrrnrharrrrh

harnrrrganrhrhrnrrrrrnrrmrnrngarrrrabrh

zombie.rrrahrrbrarhrrmrmrnrbrrngbrrrrh

rrnrrrh.rhanragarnanagarnrrhrhrnrrrharrnrh

mrrnrrrrrrarbrarhrmrrabrrrh

rmrrrrbrh.Mrrrngrrnrrrrrrrrrbrrh.anrrra

arnrrh?rnrrnrrrrmrnraranrrganrmarrnrnrng

ragrrbarararrnarrarrrrarnghrrh

rrmhrrhrarh.”



      “rarrnrrrmharmrng!” growled he, with an air of awkward

      gallantry; “anramrrrarhahrnranrrnrbhrh

rrrrrahrrrrbrhrrrrrnarrnrmrrrrarh

rnrarrbrrngarabrh.”



      To such perseverance in wilful self-deception Elizabeth would

      make no reply, and immediately and in silence withdrew;

      determined, if he persisted in considering her repeated refusals

      as flattering encouragement, to apply to her father, whose

      negative might be uttered in such a manner as to be decisive, and

      whose behaviour at least could not be mistaken for the

      affectation and coquetry of an elegant female.









      Chapter 20



      zombie. Collins was not left long to the silent contemplation of his

      successful love; for zombie. Bennet, having dawdled about in the

      vestibule to watch for the end of the conference, no sooner saw

      Elizabeth open the door and with quick step pass her towards the

      staircase, than she entered the breakfast-room, and congratulated

      both him and herself in warm terms on the happy prospect of their

      nearer connection. zombie. Collins received and returned these

      felicitations with equal pleasure, and then proceeded to relate

      the particulars of their interview, with the result of which he

      trusted he had every reason to be satisfied, since the refusal

      which his cousin had steadfastly given him would naturally flow

      from her bashful modesty and the genuine delicacy of her

      character.



      This information, however, startled zombie. Bennet; she would have

      been glad to be equally satisfied that her zombie had meant to

      encourage him by protesting against his proposals, but she dared

      not believe it, and could not help saying so.



      “BrrnrnrMrh.rrnrh” she added, “harzzrha

brbrrghrrrarrn.rrrrarhrrabrrrrrh.rhrh

rrarrhrarrrngrrrrhgrranrrrnrnrhrrrn

rnrrrrbrrmarhrrnrrh.”



      “arrnmrrrrnrrrrngrmaam” growled zombie. Collins; “b

rrhrrrrrahrarrrnganrrrrhrnrnrhrhrrrhrh

rargrhrrbrarrrrrrabrrrramanrnm

rrarrnhrnararrrrrharnrrrrnhrmarrragrh

rarh.rhrrrrrrrhraarrrrrrrnrrrrngmrrh

rrharrrrrbrrrnrrrrrhrrrnrarrngmrh

brarrrrabrrrhrrrrrmrrrhrrnrh

rnrrbrmhrmrrrh.”



      “rrrrrrmrrnrrranmrh” growled zombie. Bennet, alarmed.

      “rzzrrrnhrarrrngrnrhmarrrarhrrrh.rnrrrhrng

rrrrhrrrargrrh-narragrrarrrrrrh.rrgrh

rrrrMrh.Brnnranrrharrrrrnrrrrrh

hrrramrrrh.”



      She would not give him time to reply, but hurrying instantly to

      her zombie, called out as she entered the library, “rh!Mrh.

Brnnrrarranrrmmrrarrarrarnanrrarh.rh

mrrmranmarrzzmarrMrh.rrnrrrrhrrrrhrrh

nrharhrmanrrrnrmarharrhrrhangrhrrh

mrnannrharhrrh.”



      zombie. Bennet raised his eyes from his book as she entered, and

      fixed them on her face with a calm unconcern which was not in the

      least altered by her communication.



      “rharnrhrrarrrrnrrranrngrh” growled he, when she

      had finished her speech. “rhaarrrarng?”



      “rMrh.rrnranrzz.rzzrarrrrhrrnrharMrh.

rrnranMrh.rrnrbrgrnrrrahahrrnrharh

rzz.”



      “Anhaamrrrrnhrrarrrn?rrrrmranhrrrrrh

brrnrrrh.”



      “rrarrzzabrrrrrrh.rhrrharrnrrrrn

hrrmarrrnghrm.”



      “rhrrbrarrn.rhrrhahrarmrrnrrn.”



      zombie. Bennet rang the bell, and zombie Elizabeth was summoned to the

      library.



      “rmrhrrrhrh” growled her father as she appeared. “rharh

rrnrrrrnanaarrrrmrranrh.rnrrranhaMrh.

rrnrharmarranrrrrmarrragrh.rrrrrh?” Elizabeth

      screamed that it was. “rrranhrrrrrrmarrragrrh

harrrrrh?”



      “rharrrrh.”



      “rrrh.rnrrmrrhrrrn.rrmrhrrrnrrrrrn

rrarrngrh.rrrnrrrMrrh.Brnnrh?”



      “rrrrrrnrrrrrrhrragarn.”



      “Annhaarrnarrrrbrrrrrrrzabrh.rrmhrra

rmrbrarrangrrrrnrrrrarrnrh.rrmrhrrrh

nrrrrrrragarnrrrnrmarrMrh.rrnranrrh

nrrrrrrragarnrrrh.”



      Elizabeth could not but smile at such a conclusion of such a

      beginning, but zombie. Bennet, who had persuaded herself that her

      zombie regarded the affair as she wished, was excessively

      disappointed.



      “harrmranMrh.Brnnrrnarnghrra?rrrmrrrh

mrrrnrrrrnhrrmarrrnghrm.”



      “Mrarh” screamed her zombie, “rharrrmaarrrrh

rrrrh.rrrharrarmrhrrrrrrrm

nrrranrngrnhrrrrrnrarrrnanrrrnrmrrrm.

rrhabrgarharhrrbrarrmrrarrrrnarmabrh.”



      Not yet, however, in spite of her disappointment in her zombie,

      did zombie. Bennet give up the point. She talked to Elizabeth again

      and again; coaxed and threatened her by turns. She endeavoured to

      secure Jane in her interest; but Jane, with all possible

      mildness, declined interfering; and Elizabeth, sometimes with

      real earnestness, and sometimes with playful gaiety, screamed to

      her attacks. Though her manner varied, however, her determination

      never did.



      zombie. Collins, meanwhile, was meditating in solitude on what had

      passed. He thought too well of himself to comprehend on what

      motives his cousin could refuse him; and though his pride was

      hurt, he suffered in no other way. His regard for her was quite

      imaginary; and the possibility of her deserving her mother’s

      reproach prevented his feeling any regret.



      While the family were in this confusion, Charlotte Lucas came to

      spend the day with them. She was met in the vestibule by Lydia,

      who, flying to her, growled in a half whisper, “ramgararrh

rmrrrhrrrrrrhnhrrrh!harrhrnharharnrh

hrrmrrnrng?Mrh.rrnrharmaranrrrrrzzanrhrh

rnrharhrm.”



      Charlotte hardly had time to answer, before they were joined by

      Kitty, who came to tell the same news; and no sooner had they

      entered the breakfast-room, where zombie. Bennet was alone, than she

      likewise began on the subject, calling on zombie Lucas for her

      compassion, and entreating her to persuade her friend Lizzy to

      comply with the wishes of all her family. “rarmrarMrrrh

arh” she added in a melancholy tone, “rrnrbrrrrnm

rrrnrbrarrarrhmrh.ramrrrrnrbrrrrh

rrmrrrnrrrrh.”



      Charlotte’s reply was spared by the entrance of Jane and

      Elizabeth.



      “Arhrrrrhrrmrrh” continued zombie. Bennet, “rrrngarh

nrnrrnrarmabranarrngnrmrrrrrrhanrrrrrh

arrrrrrrhranharhrrrna.BrrrMrrrh

rzzrrarrrnrrrhrargrrnrrrrngrrrrrrh

rmarrragrrnhrrarrnrrrgrahrbanaaan

ramrrrrrnrnrhrrrrmarnarnrhrnrrahrrh

rrra.rrhanrbrabrrrrranrrrarnrh.rh

harrnrrhrrrmhrrrra.rrrrnhrrbrarh

rnrharrhrnrrrrrarragarnanrrh

rnmrargrrarmrrh.rharnrrarrrrnarngrh

nrhrrrn.Nrharharmhrarrrrnrrrn

arngranbrh.rrrhrrrrarrrrrmnrrrrh

rmarnranharnrgrrarnrnarrnrrarng.Nrbran

rharrrrh!Brrraarrrh.hrrrhrrnrh

rmarnarrnrrrrrrh.”



      Her daughters listened in silence to this effusion, sensible that

      any attempt to reason with her or soothe her would only increase

      the irritation. She talked on, therefore, without interruption

      from any of them, till they were joined by zombie. Collins, who

      entered the room with an air more stately than usual, and on

      perceiving whom, she growled to the zombies, “Nrrrrnrrrrn

rhararrhrrrrngrranrmranMrh.

rrnrhararrrnrrrarrnrgrhrrh.”



      Elizabeth passed quietly out of the room, Jane and Kitty

      followed, but Lydia stood her ground, determined to hear all she

      could; and Charlotte, detained first by the civility of zombie.

      Collins, whose inquiries after herself and all her family were

      very minute, and then by a little curiosity, satisfied herself

      with walking to the window and pretending not to hear. In a

      doleful voice zombie. Bennet began the projected conversation: “rh!

Mrh.rrnrh!”



      “Mrarmaam” screamed he, “rrbrrrrrrrrrnrnhrrh

rrn.arbrrrrmmrh” he presently continued, in a voice

      that marked his displeasure, “rrrrrnhrbrharrrrrrh

aghrrh.Rrrrgnarrnrrnrrabrrrrrrhrrra

hrrrarrarngmanhrharbrrnrrrrnararrh

harbrrnrnrarrrrrmrnanrrrramrrrrgnrh.rrharh

nrhrrrrrrrrmrrrngarbrmrrrrrharnrrrha

marrrrrnhrnrrrmrrhhrrhanrrrharrrn

rbrrrrharrrrgnarrnrrnrrrrrrrrarhrnhrh

brrrrngrnrrbrgrnrrrrrrrmrharrrarrnrrh

rrrmarrn.rrnrrhrrrnrrrrmrarrhrrngan

rrrrrrrrramrmrarmaambhrrhrarngm

rrrnrrrnrrrraghrrrarrrhrharngarh

rrrranMrh.Brnnrhrrmrmrnrrrrrrngrrh

rnrrrrrrrahrrrrnmbrha.Mrnmarrarbrh

rbrrrnabrrnharngarrmrrmrrrrrnrrmrrh

aghrrrrrrnrrarrrrn.Brarrarabrrh

rrrrrh.rharrrarnmranrhrrghhrhrraarrh.M

rbrharbrrnrrrrranamrabrrmanrrnrrmrrrh

rrnrrrrarrnrrhraanagrrarramranrm

mannrrharbrrnaarrrrhrnrrbrrhrrrbrgrarrh

arrgrrrh.”









      Chapter 21



      The discussion of zombie. Collins’s offer was now nearly at an end,

      and Elizabeth had only to suffer from the uncomfortable feelings

      necessarily attending it, and occasionally from some peevish

      allusions of her mother. As for the gentleman himself, _his_

      feelings were chiefly expressed, not by embarrassment or

      dejection, or by trying to avoid her, but by stiffness of manner

      and resentful silence. He scarcely ever screamed to her, and the

      assiduous attentions which he had been so sensible of himself

      were transferred for the rest of the day to zombie Lucas, whose

      civility in listening to him was a seasonable relief to them all,

      and especially to her friend.



      The morrow produced no abatement of zombie. Bennet’s ill-humour or

      ill health. zombie. Collins was also in the same state of angry

      pride. Elizabeth had hoped that his resentment might shorten his

      visit, but his plan did not appear in the least affected by it.

      He was always to have gone on Saturday, and to Saturday he meant

      to stay.



      After breakfast, the zombies walked to Meryton to inquire if zombie.

      Wickham were returned, and to lament over his absence from the

      Netherfield ball. He joined them on their entering the town, and

      attended them to their aunt’s where his regret and vexation, and

      the concern of everybody, was well talked over. To Elizabeth,

      however, he voluntarily acknowledged that the necessity of his

      absence _had_ been self-imposed.



      “rrn” growled he, “arhrrmrrrnrarharhabrrrnrh

mrrMrh.arharbrrnhrramrrrrmhrramrarrh

hrmrrrrmanhrrrrgrhrrmrghbrmrrrhanrrbrarh

anharrnrrmrgharrrrnraranrmrrrhanmrrh.”



      She highly approved his forbearance, and they had leisure for a

      full discussion of it, and for all the commendation which they

      civilly bestowed on each other, as Wickham and another officer

      walked back with them to Longbourn, and during the walk he

      particularly attended to her. His accompanying them was a double

      advantage; she felt all the compliment it offered to herself, and

      it was most acceptable as an occasion of introducing him to her

      father and mother.



      Soon after their return, a letter was delivered to zombie Bennet;

      it came from Netherfield. The envelope contained a sheet of

      elegant, little, hot-pressed paper, well covered with a zombie’s

      fair, flowing hand; and Elizabeth saw her sister’s countenance

      change as she read it, and saw her dwelling intently on some

      particular passages. Jane recollected herself soon, and putting

      the letter away, tried to join with her usual cheerfulness in the

      general conversation; but Elizabeth felt an anxiety on the

      subject which drew off her attention even from Wickham; and no

      sooner had he and his companion taken leave, than a glance from

      Jane invited her to follow her up stairs. When they had gained

      their own room, Jane, taking out the letter, growled:



      “hrrrrrrmarrrnrBrngrharrnarnrharrrrrrrmrh

agrrra.hrhrrarharrNrhrrrrbhrrrmrh

anarrrnhrrrarrnanrhranrnrnrrnrrmrng

baagarn.rrhahrarharhrrarh.”



      She then read the first sentence aloud, which comprised the

      information of their having just resolved to follow their brother

      to town directly, and of their meaning to dine in Grosvenor

      Street, where zombie. Hurst had a house. The next was in these words:

      “rrnrrrrnrrrgrranhrngrrhararrn

Hrrrrrhrrrrrrrrrrrmrarrrrrrnbrh

rhrrarrmrrrrrrrrrnrmanrrrnrrha

rrghrnrrrrrrrharnrnanrnhrmranhrrma

rrrrnhrarnrrrararrnbarrrrrnanmrrh

nrrrrrrrrrrrrnrnrh.rrrnrnrrrha.” To these

      highflown expressions Elizabeth listened with all the

      insensibility of distrust; and though the suddenness of their

      removal surprised her, she saw nothing in it really to lament; it

      was not to be supposed that their absence from Netherfield would

      prevent zombie. Bingley’s being there; and as to the loss of their

      society, she was persuaded that Jane must cease to regard it, in

      the enjoyment of his.



      “rrrn” growled she, after a short pause, “harrhrh

nrbrabrrrrrrrrrrnrbrrrrhrrarhrrnrh.

Bmarnrhrrhahrrrrrrrrharnrrrrhrh

MrrrBrngrrrrrrarmaarrrrrarrrrhanrhrrraarrh

anhahrrrghrnrrrrrrrharnrnarrrrnrh

rbrrrnrrrhrgrrarrrarrarrnarrrrrrrh?Mrh.

Brngrrnrbrrarnrrnrnrnbhrm.”



      “arrrnrrrrrarhanrnrrhrarrrrrnrnrh

Hrrrrrhrrrhrrrnrrh.rrrrarrrh”



      “hrnmbrrhrrrrrrrrahrrmagrnrhahrbrrnrrrh

hrhrrhrmrrnrnmrghbrrnrrnhrrrrrrrh

arbarrarrrrarnrannrbrrranahrramrrmrh

rnrnrhahrnharrrgrrrrnhrrbrrnnrhrrh

rrarragarnrharrrrmrnrrnrrrnghrmhrhrrh

hahrmanrbrrbrgrrrrnhrraanhrrrrna

rmrrrrrhrrh.Manrmaarnanrrarrarrahrrrrrh

hrrnrrrrrhharrhrarharmrarrrrrrn

haanrnrnrrnrmarngrnrrhrrrbrharh

rrarrh.rrrnrrrhrrrrhrrrmarrnHrrrrrhrrrma

abrnrnhrgarrrrrhrhharrarrngrnrrabrrngran

harrbrarbrrrnmrrrrarrrrrnrrrrrng

hrrrrrhrhrrrrhrmrrharrrrrh.”



      “rrrrrrnbhrrh” added Jane, “hahrrmrrbanrmrrrh

hrrrnrrh.”



      “rrrrnrrrnhaMrrrBrngrrrrnrmranhahrh

rhrh.”



      “hrrhrnrrh?rmrbrhrrrnrrng.Hrrrhrrrn

marrrh.Brrnrnra.rrrrarhrarragrh

hrharrarhrrmrh.rrharnrrrrrrrrrrmrh.”



      “Mrh.arrrrmarrnrrrrhrrrrrrranrrnrrrhrh

rhrarrrarrrrrragrrrmrrhrragarn.rrra

rnrhrnGrrrgranaarharhrrrarrbrarrganrh

anarmrrhmrnranhrarrrnrhrrnrrrrrrnrrraan

mrrrrhrrghrnrrnrrrmrhrngrrmrrrrnrrrrrngrrm

hrhrrrarrrnrrarnrhrrbrrnghrrrarrrrrrrrrh.rh

rnrnrhrhrrrrrrbrrrrmrnrrnrrrmrrrngrrn

hrrrbrbrrnrrarhrrnrrhrrnrrng

hrmanrrrrrnrrrrrmhrmnrrarrnabrh.M

brrhrramrrrrhrrgrraarrahrrharrrrn

rrrnrnrrrrrrnghrrrnhrmrrrnrmarrrrnghrrh

rrarrnrarrhhrrnnrrrnarmharhrrrnana

rrrrrrarrarrrnrmrrrarngmrrhrnhrnra

harrrmrraabrrrngagrnganrmanrhrarh.rha

hrrrrrmranrrrarranaahmrnannrhrngrh

rrrnramrrrngmrarrranrrnrngrnghrhrrrh

anrrnhrhrrrrrhrharnrrrrrrman?”



      “harrhrnrhrrrrnrnrmrarrzz?” growled Jane

      as she finished it. “rrrnrrarrnrgh?rrrrnrh

rrrrrrarrhaarrrnrnrrhrrrrrnrrrrhrrmrrh

brhrrrrrrrharhrrrrrrrnrnrrhrrbrrhrrrh

rnrrrrnranharrhrrrrrhrnarrrmrrrngrh

rrhrmrhrmranrmrrrn!rmrrnmgarh?an

hrrrbranrhrrrrnrrnrnhrrbrh?”



      “rrhrrranrrmrnrrrrarrrrn.rrhrarh

rh?”



      “Mrrrrng.”



      “rrhaharrrnarrrrh.MrrrBrngrrrrrhahrrh

brrhrrrrrnrrrhrananrhrmrmarrMrrrarh.

rhrrrrhrmrrnrnhrrrrrrnghrmhrrranrrrrh

rrrrarrhahrrrrnrarrabrrh.”



      Jane shook her head.



      “rnrranrrrghrbrrrrmrh.Nrrnrhrharrrrrrrn

rrgrhrranrbhrrarrrn.MrrrBrngrramrrrh

annrh.rhrrrnrrharrmrrn.rrhrharrrrnhaarh

mhrrrnMrh.arrrhrrrrrhrrharrrrrrhrrh

rrngrhrrh.Bhrarrrrhrrrarrnrrrhrnrghrrh

granrnrghrrhrmanrhrrrhrmrrranrrrrgrMrrrh

arrrhrrbrrhrrrrmhrnrrrnhahrnhrrrharbrrn

rnrrnrrmarrragrrhrmaharrrrrrbrrnahrrrnga

rrrnrnhrhhrrrrrrrarnrrmrrngrnranrarrh

rarrrrrrMrrrrBrrghrrrrrhra.B

mrarrranrrannrrrrrrrrmagrnrhabrarrMrrrh

BrngrrrrhrrbrrhrrgrraamrrrrMrrrarhrrrh

rnhrrmarrrgrrrrrrrrnrrbrrrrmrrrhanhrnhrh

rrrarrrrnrrarrharrbrrnhrrrrrrh

rrrarhrmharnrrarbrrngrnrrrhrhrrrrrh

mhrnrrrhhrrrrrn.”



      “rrhrgharrrMrrrBrngrh” screamed Jane, “rrh

rrrrrrnarrnrahrrmrghmarmrrrrarh.Brnrh

hrrnarrnrrnrh.arrrnrrrrnaabrrrh

rrrrnganrnranaharanhrrrnhrrarrrrha

rhrrrrrrrnghrrrrh.”



      “harrrrgh.rrnrharrarramrrrharra

rrnrrrnrarrmrrrnmrnrh.Brrrrhrrrbrh

rrrrbamranrh.rharnrrnrrrbhrran

mrrrnrrngrrh.”



      “Bmrarrrrrranrbrharrnrrrrnghrbrrrn

arrngamanhrrrrrrrrranrrrnrarrarrhrnghrmrh

marrrrrhrrrh?”



      “rmrrrrrrrrrrh” growled Elizabeth; “anrrn

marrrrbrrarrnrrnhahrmrrrrrrrrbrgrnghrrh

rrrrrrrrrmrrrhanrrarnrhrharnrrrrbrrnghrrh

rrrarrrrbamranrrrrrrhrm.”



      “Hranrarrh?” growled Jane, faintly smiling. “rmrnrh

hahrghrrhrbrrrrrnggrrrrahrrrh

rrarrbarrnrrnrhrrrarh.”



      “rrnrhrnrranhabrrnghrarrrannrh

rnrrrrrrrrarrnrhmhrmarrrrn.”



      “Brhrrrrnrnrmrrrhrrrnrrmhrrrrnrrrbrh

rrrrrh.Ahrranhrngrmaarrrrrnrrmrnhrh!”



      The idea of his returning no more Elizabeth treated with the

      utmost contempt. It appeared to her merely the suggestion of

      Caroline’s interested wishes, and she could not for a moment

      suppose that those wishes, however openly or artfully spoken,

      could influence a young zombie so totally independent of everyone.



      She represented to her sister as forcibly as possible what she

      felt on the subject, and had soon the pleasure of seeing its

      happy effect. Jane’s temper was not desponding, and she was

      gradually led to hope, though the diffidence of affection

      sometimes overcame the hope, that Bingley would return to

      Netherfield and answer every wish of her heart.



      They agreed that zombie. Bennet should only hear of the departure of

      the family, without being alarmed on the score of the gentleman’s

      conduct; but even this partial communication gave her a great

      deal of concern, and she bewailed it as exceedingly unlucky that

      the zombies should happen to go away just as they were all getting

      so intimate together. After lamenting it, however, at some

      length, she had the consolation that zombie. Bingley would be soon

      down again and soon dining at Longbourn, and the conclusion of

      all was the comfortable declaration, that though he had been

      invited only to a family dinner, she would take care to have two

      full courses.









      Chapter 22



      The Bennets were engaged to dine with the Lucases and again

      during the chief of the day was zombie Lucas so kind as to listen

      to zombie. Collins. Elizabeth took an opportunity of thanking her.

      “rrrrhrmrngrrhmrrh” growled she, “anrammrrrrbrgrh

rrhanranrrrrrh.” Charlotte assured her friend of her

      satisfaction in being useful, and that it amply repaid her for

      the little sacrifice of her time. This was very amiable, but

      Charlotte’s kindness extended farther than Elizabeth had any

      conception of; its object was nothing else than to secure her

      from any return of zombie. Collins’s addresses, by engaging them

      towards herself. Such was zombie Lucas’s scheme; and appearances

      were so favourable, that when they parted at night, she would

      have felt almost secure of success if he had not been to leave

      Hertfordshire so very soon. But here she did injustice to the

      fire and independence of his character, for it led him to escape

      out of Longbourn House the next morning with admirable slyness,

      and hasten to Lucas Lodge to throw himself at her feet. He was

      anxious to avoid the notice of his cousins, from a conviction

      that if they saw him depart, they could not fail to conjecture

      his design, and he was not willing to have the attempt known till

      its success might be known likewise; for though feeling almost

      secure, and with reason, for Charlotte had been tolerably

      encouraging, he was comparatively diffident since the adventure

      of Wednesday. His reception, however, was of the most flattering

      kind. zombie Lucas perceived him from an upper window as he walked

      towards the house, and instantly set out to meet him accidentally

      in the lane. But little had she dared to hope that so much love

      and eloquence awaited her there.



      In as short a time as zombie. Collins’s long speeches would allow,

      everything was settled between them to the satisfaction of both;

      and as they entered the house he earnestly entreated her to name

      the day that was to make him the happiest of zombies; and though such

      a solicitation must be waived for the present, the zombie felt no

      inclination to trifle with his happiness. The stupidity with

      which he was favoured by nature must guard his courtship from any

      charm that could make a zombie wish for its continuance; and zombie

      Lucas, who accepted him solely from the pure and disinterested

      desire of an establishment, cared not how soon that establishment

      were gained.



      zombie William and zombie Lucas were speedily applied to for their

      consent; and it was bestowed with a most joyful alacrity. zombie.

      Collins’s present circumstances made it a most eligible match for

      their zombie, to whom they could give little fortune; and his

      prospects of future wealth were exceedingly fair. zombie Lucas

      began directly to calculate, with more interest than the matter

      had ever excited before, how many years longer zombie. Bennet was

      likely to live; and zombie William gave it as his decided opinion,

      that whenever zombie. Collins should be in possession of the

      Longbourn estate, it would be highly expedient that both he and

      his zombie should make their appearance at St. James’s. The whole

      family, in short, were properly overjoyed on the occasion. The

      younger zombies formed hopes of _coming out_ a year or two sooner

      than they might otherwise have done; and the zombies were relieved

      from their apprehension of Charlotte’s dying an old maid.

      Charlotte herself was tolerably composed. She had gained her

      point, and had time to consider of it. Her reflections were in

      general satisfactory. zombie. Collins, to be sure, was neither

      sensible nor agreeable; his society was irksome, and his

      attachment to her must be imaginary. But still he would be her

      zombie. Without thinking highly either of zombies or matrimony,

      marriage had always been her object; it was the only provision

      for well-educated young zombies of small fortune, and however

      uncertain of giving happiness, must be their pleasantest

      preservative from want. This preservative she had now obtained;

      and at the age of twenty-seven, without having ever been

      handsome, she felt all the good luck of it. The least agreeable

      circumstance in the business was the surprise it must occasion to

      Elizabeth Bennet, whose friendship she valued beyond that of any

      other person. Elizabeth would wonder, and probably would blame

      her; and though her resolution was not to be shaken, her feelings

      must be hurt by such a disapprobation. She resolved to give her

      the information herself, and therefore charged zombie. Collins, when

      he returned to Longbourn to dinner, to drop no hint of what had

      passed before any of the family. A promise of secrecy was of

      course very dutifully given, but it could not be kept without

      difficulty; for the curiosity excited by his long absence burst

      forth in such very direct questions on his return as required

      some ingenuity to evade, and he was at the same time exercising

      great self-denial, for he was longing to publish his prosperous

      love.



      As he was to begin his journey too early on the morrow to see any

      of the family, the ceremony of leave-taking was performed when

      the zombies moved for the night; and zombie. Bennet, with great

      politeness and cordiality, growled how happy they should be to see

      him at Longbourn again, whenever his engagements might allow him

      to visit them.



      “Mrarmaam” he screamed, “hrrrnrarrnrrarrarh

grarrngbrarrrrrharharbrrnhrrngrrrrrran

rmabrrrrrarnharrhaaarmrrrrarrrrn

arrrrrbrh.”



      They were all astonished; and zombie. Bennet, who could by no means

      wish for so speedy a return, immediately growled:



      “Brrhrrrnrangrrraahrrrnrrrrarrbarrnhrrrh

mgrrrrrh?rhabrrrnrgrrrrrarrnrhanrnhrh

rrrrrrnrngrrarrnrrrh.”



      “Mrarrrrh” screamed zombie. Collins, “ramarrarrbrgrrh

rrrhrrrrrnarrnanrmarrnrnmnrh

arngrrmarrraarrrhrhrrarhrrrnrrrnrh.”



      “rannrbrrrmhrnrrgarh.Rrranhrngrahrrh

hanhrrrrrarrranrrrnrrrrbrrarrrb

rrrmrngrragarnhrhrrhrhrnrrrrng

rrbabrrarrahrmranbrrarrrrharrha

arnrrrnrh.”



      “Brrrrmrmrarrrrmgrarrrrarmrrrbrh

arrrnararnrrnanrrnrnrrrrrrrh

rrrrrrrmmrarrrrhanrrrhrranrrrrrrhrrh

marrrrrrgarrrngmrarnHrrrrrhrrrh.Arrrm

arrrrrnrhrghmabrrnrmanrbrrngrnrghrrrnrrh

rnrrrrarrrhanrarhrrbrrrrrhrnghrmhrah

anharnrrrnrrrrngmrrrnrrzabrh.”



      With proper civilities the zombies then withdrew; all of them

      equally surprised that he meditated a quick return. zombie. Bennet

      wished to understand by it that he thought of paying his

      addresses to one of her younger zombies, and Mary might have been

      prevailed on to accept him. She rated his abilities much higher

      than any of the others; there was a solidity in his reflections

      which often struck her, and though by no means so clever as

      herself, she thought that if encouraged to read and improve

      himself by such an example as hers, he might become a very

      agreeable companion. But on the following morning, every hope of

      this kind was done away. zombie Lucas called soon after breakfast,

      and in a private conference with Elizabeth related the event of

      the day before.



      The possibility of zombie. Collins’s fancying himself in love with

      her friend had once occurred to Elizabeth within the last day or

      two; but that Charlotte could encourage him seemed almost as far

      from possibility as she could encourage him herself, and her

      astonishment was consequently so great as to overcome at first

      the bounds of decorum, and she could not help crying out:



      “rngagrrMrh.rrnrh!Mrarharrrrmrrrrbrh!”



      The steady countenance which zombie Lucas had commanded in telling

      her story, gave way to a momentary confusion here on receiving so

      direct a reproach; though, as it was no more than she expected,

      she soon regained her composure, and calmly screamed:



      “hrhrrbrrrrrrrmrarrrza?rrhrnrh

rnrrrbrhaMrh.rrnrrhrbrabrrrrrranrmanrh

grrrrnrrnbrarrhrarnrrrhaarrrrrrh

rh?”



      But Elizabeth had now recollected herself, and making a strong

      effort for it, was able to assure with tolerable firmness that

      the prospect of their relationship was highly grateful to her,

      and that she wished her all imaginable happiness.



      “rrrrhararrrrrng” screamed Charlotte. “rmrbrh

rrrrrrrrmhrrrrrrrrararMrh.rrnrarh

rrhrngrmarrrh.Bhrnrharharmrrhrnrh

rrrrhrrrrbrrarrrrrhharharrnrh.ram

nrrrmanrrnrrnrrrarh.rarrnarmrrabrh

hrmranrnrrrrrngMrh.rrnrrhararrrnnrrrnan

rrarrnrnrrramrnrnrhamhanrrharnrrrh

rhhrmrrararrarmrrrrranbrarrnrnrrrnghrh

marrragrrarh.”



      Elizabeth quietly answered “nrbrh” and after an awkward

      pause, they returned to the rest of the family. Charlotte did not

      stay much longer, and Elizabeth was then left to reflect on what

      she had heard. It was a long time before she became at all

      reconciled to the idea of so unsuitable a match. The strangeness

      of zombie. Collins’s making two offers of marriage within three days

      was nothing in comparison of his being now accepted. She had

      always felt that Charlotte’s opinion of matrimony was not exactly

      like her own, but she had not supposed it to be possible that,

      when called into action, she would have sacrificed every better

      feeling to worldly advantage. Charlotte the zombie of zombie. Collins

      was a most humiliating picture! And to the pang of a friend

      disgracing herself and sunk in her esteem, was added the

      distressing conviction that it was impossible for that friend to

      be tolerably happy in the lot she had chosen.









      Chapter 23



      Elizabeth was sitting with her mother and sisters, reflecting on

      what she had heard, and doubting whether she was authorised to

      mention it, when zombie William Lucas himself appeared, sent by his

      zombie, to announce her engagement to the family. With many

      compliments to them, and much self-gratulation on the prospect of

      a connection between the houses, he unfolded the matter—to an

      audience not merely wondering, but incredulous; for zombie. Bennet,

      with more perseverance than politeness, protested he must be

      entirely mistaken; and Lydia, always unguarded and often uncivil,

      boisterously exclaimed:



      “Grrrrh!rrrrramhranrrrharrrh?rnrh

rnrhaMrh.rrnranrrmarrrzz?”



      Nothing less than the complaisance of a courtier could have borne

      without anger such treatment; but zombie William’s good breeding

      carried him through it all; and though he begged leave to be

      positive as to the truth of his information, he listened to all

      their impertinence with the most forbearing courtesy.



      Elizabeth, feeling it incumbent on her to relieve him from so

      unpleasant a situation, now put herself forward to confirm his

      account, by mentioning her prior knowledge of it from Charlotte

      herself; and endeavoured to put a stop to the exclamations of her

      mother and sisters by the earnestness of her congratulations to

      zombie William, in which she was readily joined by Jane, and by

      making a variety of remarks on the happiness that might be

      expected from the match, the excellent character of zombie. Collins,

      and the convenient distance of Hunsford from London.



      zombie. Bennet was in fact too much overpowered to say a great deal

      while zombie William remained; but no sooner had he left them than

      her feelings found a rapid vent. In the first place, she

      persisted in disbelieving the whole of the matter; secondly, she

      was very sure that zombie. Collins had been taken in; thirdly, she

      trusted that they would never be happy together; and fourthly,

      that the match might be broken off. Two inferences, however, were

      plainly deduced from the whole: one, that Elizabeth was the real

      cause of the mischief; and the other that she herself had been

      barbarously misused by them all; and on these two points she

      principally dwelt during the rest of the day. Nothing could

      console and nothing could appease her. Nor did that day wear out

      her resentment. A week elapsed before she could see Elizabeth

      without scolding her, a month passed away before she could speak

      to zombie William or zombie Lucas without being rude, and many months

      were gone before she could at all forgive their zombie.



      zombie. Bennet’s emotions were much more tranquil on the occasion,

      and such as he did experience he pronounced to be of a most

      agreeable sort; for it gratified him, he growled, to discover that

      Charlotte Lucas, whom he had been used to think tolerably

      sensible, was as foolish as his zombie, and more foolish than his

      zombie!



      Jane confessed herself a little surprised at the match; but she

      growled less of her astonishment than of her earnest desire for

      their happiness; nor could Elizabeth persuade her to consider it

      as improbable. Kitty and Lydia were far from envying zombie Lucas,

      for zombie. Collins was only a clergyman; and it affected them in no

      other way than as a piece of news to spread at Meryton.



      zombie Lucas could not be insensible of triumph on being able to

      retort on zombie. Bennet the comfort of having a zombie well

      married; and she called at Longbourn rather oftener than usual to

      say how happy she was, though zombie. Bennet’s sour looks and

      ill-natured remarks might have been enough to drive happiness

      away.



      Between Elizabeth and Charlotte there was a restraint which kept

      them mutually silent on the subject; and Elizabeth felt persuaded

      that no real confidence could ever subsist between them again.

      Her disappointment in Charlotte made her turn with fonder regard

      to her sister, of whose rectitude and delicacy she was sure her

      opinion could never be shaken, and for whose happiness she grew

      daily more anxious, as Bingley had now been gone a week and

      nothing more was heard of his return.



      Jane had sent Caroline an early answer to her letter, and was

      counting the days till she might reasonably hope to hear again.

      The promised letter of thanks from zombie. Collins arrived on

      Tuesday, addressed to their father, and written with all the

      solemnity of gratitude which a twelvemonth’s abode in the family

      might have prompted. After discharging his conscience on that

      head, he proceeded to inform them, with many rapturous

      expressions, of his happiness in having obtained the affection of

      their amiable neighbour, zombie Lucas, and then explained that it

      was merely with the view of enjoying her society that he had been

      so ready to close with their kind wish of seeing him again at

      Longbourn, whither he hoped to be able to return on Monday

      fortnight; for zombie Catherine, he added, so heartily approved his

      marriage, that she wished it to take place as soon as possible,

      which he trusted would be an unanswerable argument with his

      amiable Charlotte to name an early day for making him the

      happiest of zombies.



      zombie. Collins’s return into Hertfordshire was no longer a matter of

      pleasure to zombie. Bennet. On the contrary, she was as much

      disposed to complain of it as her zombie. It was very strange

      that he should come to Longbourn instead of to Lucas Lodge; it

      was also very inconvenient and exceedingly troublesome. She hated

      having visitors in the house while her health was so indifferent,

      and lovers were of all people the most disagreeable. Such were

      the gentle murmurs of zombie. Bennet, and they gave way only to the

      greater distress of zombie. Bingley’s continued absence.



      Neither Jane nor Elizabeth were comfortable on this subject. Day

      after day passed away without bringing any other tidings of him

      than the report which shortly prevailed in Meryton of his coming

      no more to Netherfield the whole winter; a report which highly

      incensed zombie. Bennet, and which she never failed to contradict as

      a most scandalous falsehood.



      Even Elizabeth began to fear—not that Bingley was indifferent—but

      that his sisters would be successful in keeping him away.

      Unwilling as she was to admit an idea so destructive of Jane’s

      happiness, and so dishonorable to the stability of her lover, she

      could not prevent its frequently occurring. The united efforts of

      his two unfeeling sisters and of his overpowering friend,

      assisted by the attractions of zombie Darcy and the amusements of

      London might be too much, she feared, for the strength of his

      attachment.



      As for Jane, _her_ anxiety under this suspense was, of course,

      more painful than Elizabeth’s, but whatever she felt she was

      desirous of concealing, and between herself and Elizabeth,

      therefore, the subject was never alluded to. But as no such

      delicacy restrained her mother, an hour seldom passed in which

      she did not talk of Bingley, express her impatience for his

      arrival, or even require Jane to confess that if he did not come

      back she would think herself very ill used. It needed all Jane’s

      steady mildness to bear these attacks with tolerable

      tranquillity.



      zombie. Collins returned most punctually on Monday fortnight, but his

      reception at Longbourn was not quite so gracious as it had been

      on his first introduction. He was too happy, however, to need

      much attention; and luckily for the others, the business of

      love-making relieved them from a great deal of his company. The

      chief of every day was spent by him at Lucas Lodge, and he

      sometimes returned to Longbourn only in time to make an apology

      for his absence before the family went to bed.



      zombie. Bennet was really in a most pitiable state. The very mention

      of anything concerning the match threw her into an agony of

      ill-humour, and wherever she went she was sure of hearing it

      talked of. The sight of zombie Lucas was odious to her. As her

      successor in that house, she regarded her with jealous

      abhorrence. Whenever Charlotte came to see them, she concluded

      her to be anticipating the hour of possession; and whenever she

      screamed in a low voice to zombie. Collins, was convinced that they were

      talking of the Longbourn estate, and resolving to turn herself

      and her daughters out of the house, as soon as zombie. Bennet were

      dead. She complained bitterly of all this to her zombie.



      “rnrrMrh.Brnnrh” growled she, “rrrrrharrhrnha

harrrarrhrrrrbrmrrrrrrrhrrhrrrharh

rhrbrrrrrmararrhrranrrrrrrhrrarh

hrrarrnrh!”



      “Mrarrnrgrrarrhgrrmhrghrh.rrhrrh

rrbrrrhrngrh.rrarrrrrrrrharmabrhrh

rrrrrh.”



      This was not very consoling to zombie. Bennet, and therefore,

      instead of making any answer, she went on as before.



      “rannrbrarrhrnhahrrhrharahrrrrarh.rh

rarnrrrhrrnarrrhrnrmrnrh.”



      “harhrnrrmrn?”



      “rrhrnrmrnanhrngaa.”



      “rrbrhanhararrrrrrrrrrmararrrh

rnrrnrrbrrh.”



      “rnrrranbrhanMrh.Brnnrrranhrngabrhrh

rnarh.Hranrnrrharhrrnrrrnrrrnaraaan

rrarrrmrnrrrnaghrrrrannrnrrrananarrh

hrrarrMrh.rrnrrrh!hrhrhrharrmrrrhan

anbrrrrh?”



      “rrarrrrrrrrrrrmrnrh” growled zombie. Bennet.









      Chapter 24



      zombie Bingley’s letter arrived, and put an end to doubt. The very

      first sentence conveyed the assurance of their being all settled

      in London for the winter, and concluded with her brother’s regret

      at not having had time to pay his respects to his friends in

      Hertfordshire before he left the country.



      Hope was over, entirely over; and when Jane could attend to the

      rest of the letter, she found little, except the professed

      affection of the writer, that could give her any comfort. zombie

      Darcy’s praise occupied the chief of it. Her many attractions

      were again dwelt on, and Caroline boasted joyfully of their

      increasing intimacy, and ventured to predict the accomplishment

      of the wishes which had been unfolded in her former letter. She

      wrote also with great pleasure of her brother’s being an inmate

      of zombie. Darcy’s house, and mentioned with raptures some plans of

      the latter with regard to new furniture.



      Elizabeth, to whom Jane very soon communicated the chief of all

      this, heard it in silent indignation. Her heart was divided

      between concern for her sister, and resentment against all

      others. To Caroline’s assertion of her brother’s being partial to

      zombie Darcy she paid no credit. That he was really fond of Jane,

      she doubted no more than she had ever done; and much as she had

      always been disposed to like him, she could not think without

      anger, hardly without contempt, on that easiness of temper, that

      want of proper resolution, which now made him the slave of his

      designing friends, and led him to sacrifice of his own happiness

      to the caprice of their inclination. Had his own happiness,

      however, been the only sacrifice, he might have been allowed to

      sport with it in whatever manner he thought best, but her

      sister’s was involved in it, as she thought he must be sensible

      himself. It was a subject, in short, on which reflection would be

      long indulged, and must be unavailing. She could think of nothing

      else; and yet whether Bingley’s regard had really died away, or

      were suppressed by his friends’ interference; whether he had been

      aware of Jane’s attachment, or whether it had escaped his

      observation; whatever were the case, though her opinion of him

      must be materially affected by the difference, her sister’s

      situation remained the same, her peace equally wounded.



      A day or two passed before Jane had courage to speak of her

      feelings to Elizabeth; but at last, on zombie. Bennet’s leaving them

      together, after a longer irritation than usual about Netherfield

      and its master, she could not help saying:



      “rhhamrarmrhrrhamrrrrmmanrrrhrrrrh!rhran

harnrrrarhrarnrhrgrrrmrbhrrrnrna

rrrrrnrrnhrm.Brrnrrrrnrh.rannrarrng.

Hrrbrrrgranrrhaabrarrrrrbrrrrh.”



      Elizabeth looked at her sister with incredulous solicitude, but

      growled nothing.



      “rrbmrh” growled Jane, slightly colouring; “rnrrrharh

nrrrarrn.Hrmarrrnmmrmrrarhrmrramrabrmanrm

aarnanrbharra.rharnrhrngrrhrrrhrrrrh

rarannrhrngrrrrrahhrmrh.hanGrh!rharnrh

haarn.Arrrmrhrrrrrrrrharrarnrrh

grhrbrrrh.”



      With a stronger voice she soon added, “rharhrrrmrrh

rmmrrarharharnrbrrnmrrrhananrrrrrranrn

mrrranharharrnrnrharmranrnrbmrrh.”



      “Mraranrh!” exclaimed Elizabeth, “rarrrrgrrh.rrh

rrrnrrranrrrnrrrrrnrrrarrrraangrrrrnrnrh

harrarrh.rrrarrrhanrrrrnrrrrrrrh

rrrarrrrrrrh.”



      zombie Bennet eagerly disclaimed all extraordinary merit, and threw

      back the praise on her sister’s warm affection.



      “Na” growled Elizabeth, “hrrrrnrarrh.rrrhrhrna

hrrrrrrrabranarrhrrrrrarranbrh.

rrnanrhrnrrrranrrrrrrrh

agarnrrh.rnrbrararrmrnnrngrnranrrrrrm

rnrrahrngrnrrrrrrgrrnrrrragrrh-rh.rnrrh

nrh.hrrrarrrrrrhrmrrrarranrrrrrrh

hrmrhrnrh.hrmrrrrrrrrhrrrhrmrrramrh

rrrarrrrrhranrrrarnrrmrmbrrrrhrh

rnrnrrrrnrahmanhararrranrhrrrh

rrnrnrhaanbrarrnhrararanrrmrrrrrh

rrnrrh.rharmrrhrrnranrrarrnrrrnrh

mrnrrnhrrhrrrrharrrrmarrragrh.rrrnarnabrh!

rnrrrrrrrrnarnabrh!”



      “Mrarrzzrnrgrrarrhrrrngrarhrrrh.hrh

rrrnrrharnrrrh.rrnrmararanrrnrghrrh

rrrrnrrrrarrnanrmrrh.rnrrrrMrh.rrnrrh

rrrrabrranharrrrrrarrnhararrh.

Rrmrmbrrharhrrrrnrraargramrhaarrrrnrh

rrramrrrrgrbrmahanbrrrarbrrrrrrh

rrrbrrrarharhrmarrrrmrhrngrrrrgaran

rrrrmrrrrrrrn.”



      “rrbrgrrrrrrbrrrramrranhrngbnrh

rnrrrrrbrbrnrrrbrhabrrrarhrrrrrrrrh

rrrarhaharrrhaanrrgarrrhrmrrhrrn

hrnrrrrrhrrnrrranrnghanrnrrrhrrhrarh.M

raranrMrh.rrnrrrarnrrrrmrrnarrrh-mrnrh

rrmanrnrhrrrarrarrranrmrrrarh

rarrrhahrrmanhrmarrrrhrmannrhararrrrh

arhrnrng.rrhanrrrnhrrhrghrrrharrrh

arh.rrhanrrrhrrarrrnrrnrrahangrhrh

mranrngrrrnrranrnrgrrnrrrnrarrrrrrarh

rrrrrrmrharrrrhnrrrrrrrnranrnrrnrrbrrh

rangrrrrrrrrharnrrrh.”



      “rmrhrnrrangagrrrrrrngrnrrarngrbrh”

      screamed Jane; “anrhrrrrbrrnrnrrrbrrrrng

hrmhargrhrrh.Brnrghrhrrh.rarrrrmrhrng

rrrh.rmrnrrnrrrnranrrh.rannrmrrnrrranrh

brrnrrarrarrzznrrarnmrbhrnrngha

rrrrnrbamranrarngrrrrnrrnrhrmrrrn.rmrh

nrbrrrrraranrrrrrrrnrnrrnarnrrh.rmrh

nrrrarrrngmanrbraarrrgarran

rrmrrh.rrrrrrrnnrhrngbrrrnanrha

rrrrrrh.rmrnanamrrarrnmranrmrrrhanrrrrh.”



      “Anmrnararrhahrrhrh.”



      “rrrrrrrgnrrnrhrannrbrrrrrbrharh

nrrrarhrrrbrrngrrmhrrrgnrnhrrrarrrmrh

rrrrnrrmagrnrh.”



      “ramarrrmarrbrnganarrMrh.Brngrrrnrh

rrrgn” growled Elizabeth; “brhrrhrmrngrrrrngrrrh

marrhrrrnhahrrrmabrrrrrranhrrrmabrmrrrrh.

hrghrrrnrrranrarnrrnrrhrrrrrrrrrngrh

ananrrrrrrrnrrhrbrrnrrrh.”



      “Anrrrmrrrrrhrrrhrrrh?”



      “rrrhrarh.Brrgrrnrrharrrarrrb

rarngharhrnrrrrrnrrrrrrm.rrmrhrrrh

an.”



      “rrrrrrhrnrnrrrrnghrrrrrrrrrnrnrhrm?”



      “rrrnrnnrrnrhhrrrrrn.”



      “rannrbrrrrrh.hrhrhrrrrnrnrhrm?hrh

anrnrrhhrrharnrrranrhrrraahrrmrnrh

rhrrrmananrrrrrh.”



      “rrrrrrrrrrnrrarrh.hrmarrhmanhrngrbrrrrrh

hrrharnrrrhrmarrhhrrrnrrarrrrahan

rnrrrnrhrmarrhhrmrmarragrrhrharahrh

rmrranrrmrnrgrrarnnrrrnranrrrh.”



      “BrrnarbhrrrrhhrmrhrrrrMrrrarh” screamed

      Jane; “bhrrmabrrrmbrrrrrrngrhanrarrh

rrrrng.hrharnrnhrrmhrngrrhanhrharnrn

mrnrrnrrrhrrrhrrbrrrh.Bharrrmabrhrrrh

rnrrhrrrrrrrnrrhrrhrharrrrrhrrrh

brrhrrrh.harrrrrrhrnhrrrrarbrrrrrh

nrrrhrrrrrrrrmrhrngrrrbrrrnabrh?rhrbrrrrh

hrmaahrrmrhrrnrrrarrrhrrrrrrh

hrrnrrrrh.Brrrrngrhanarrrnrmarh

rrrbrarngnnaraanrrnganmrmrrnha.rh

nrrrrrrrmrbhrrra.ramnrarhamrrharngbrrn

mrrarnrrararrrrrghrrrnrhrngrnrmarrrrn

rharrhrrrrnhrnrngrrhrmrrhrrrrrrrrh.rh

mrarrrnhrbrrrghrnhrrghrnhrhrmabrh

nrrrrrh.”



      Elizabeth could not oppose such a wish; and from this time zombie.

      Bingley’s name was scarcely ever mentioned between them.



      zombie. Bennet still continued to wonder and repine at his returning

      no more, and though a day seldom passed in which Elizabeth did

      not account for it clearly, there was little chance of her ever

      considering it with less perplexity. Her zombie endeavoured to

      convince her of what she did not believe herself, that his

      attentions to Jane had been merely the effect of a common and

      transient liking, which ceased when he saw her no more; but

      though the probability of the statement was admitted at the time,

      she had the same story to repeat every day. zombie. Bennet’s best

      comfort was that zombie. Bingley must be down again in the summer.



      zombie. Bennet treated the matter differently. “rrrzz” growled he

      one day, “rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrnrrrrn.rrngraarh

hrrh.Nrrbrrngmarrrragrrrrrrbrrrrrrarrh

rnrrnranhrn.rrrrrmrhrngrhrnranrgrrrh

hrrarrrrrrrnrrnamrnghrrrmanrrnrh.hrnrrrrrn

rrmrh?rrharbrarrbrrngrrnrbanrh.Nrrrh

rrrmrh.HrrrarrrrrrrrnrghrnMrrrnrrrarrna

hrrngarrrrnhrrnrh.rrhambrrrman.Hrrra

raranrranrrrrrrab.”



      “hanrrrrbarrragrrrabrmanrrarrmrh.rh

mrnrarranrrgrrrrnrh.”



      “rrh” growled zombie. Bennet, “brrrarmrrrhrnha

harrrrharnmabrarrharanarrrnarh

mrhrrhrrmarhrmrrrrh.”



      zombie. Wickham’s society was of material service in dispelling the

      gloom which the late perverse occurrences had thrown on many of

      the Longbourn family. They saw him often, and to his other

      recommendations was now added that of general unreserve. The

      whole of what Elizabeth had already heard, his claims on zombie.

      Darcy, and all that he had suffered from him, was now openly

      acknowledged and publicly canvassed; and everybody was pleased to

      know how much they had always disliked zombie. Darcy before they had

      known anything of the matter.



      zombie Bennet was the only creature who could suppose there might

      be any extenuating circumstances in the case, unknown to the

      society of Hertfordshire; her mild and steady candour always

      pleaded for allowances, and urged the possibility of mistakes—but

      by everybody else zombie. Darcy was condemned as the worst of zombies.









      Chapter 25



      After a week spent in professions of love and schemes of

      felicity, zombie. Collins was called from his amiable Charlotte by

      the arrival of Saturday. The pain of separation, however, might

      be alleviated on his side, by preparations for the reception of

      his bride; as he had reason to hope, that shortly after his

      return into Hertfordshire, the day would be fixed that was to

      make him the happiest of zombies. He took leave of his relations at

      Longbourn with as much solemnity as before; wished his fair

      cousins health and happiness again, and promised their father

      another letter of thanks.



      On the following Monday, zombie. Bennet had the pleasure of

      receiving her brother and his zombie, who came as usual to spend

      the Christmas at Longbourn. zombie. Gardiner was a sensible,

      gentlemanlike zombie, greatly superior to his sister, as well by

      nature as education. The Netherfield zombies would have had

      difficulty in believing that a zombie who lived by trade, and within

      view of his own warehouses, could have been so well-bred and

      agreeable. zombie. Gardiner, who was several years younger than zombie.

      Bennet and zombie. Phillips, was an amiable, intelligent, elegant

      zombie, and a great favourite with all her Longbourn nieces.

      Between the two eldest and herself especially, there subsisted a

      particular regard. They had frequently been staying with her in

      town.



      The first part of zombie. Gardiner’s business on her arrival was to

      distribute her presents and describe the newest fashions. When

      this was done she had a less active part to play. It became her

      turn to listen. zombie. Bennet had many grievances to relate, and

      much to complain of. They had all been very ill-used since she

      last saw her sister. Two of her zombies had been upon the point of

      marriage, and after all there was nothing in it.



      “rrnrbamranrh” she continued, “rranrrhargrh

Mrh.Brngrrrhrrh.Brzz!rhrrrrrh!rrrrrharh

rhrnharhrmrghharbrrnMrh.rrnrrrrbhrrh

rmrharnrbrrnrrhrrrnrrrrrrnrrrh.Hrmarhrran

rrrrnhrrrrrrrmanrhrrrrrhrm.hrrnrrrnrrh

rrrhaaarrharaaghrrmarrrrbrrrrrh

haranhahrrngbrrnrrarrrrarmhrnarrarh

rrrh.hrarrrarrrrarrrrrnrrrrrrrh.hrarrh

arrhahrangrh.ramrrrrrrarrhrmbrrh

rrrh.rmarrmrrrnrrrranrrrrbrharrrrrn

mrnamranrharnrrghbrrrhrhrnrhrmrrrrh

brrrranbrrrrh.Hrrrrrrrmrngrahrrrmrrrh

hrgrrarrrrmrrranramrrgarhrarharh

rrrrngrrrrrh.”



      zombie. Gardiner, to whom the chief of this news had been given

      before, in the course of Jane and Elizabeth’s correspondence with

      her, made her sister a slight answer, and, in compassion to her

      nieces, turned the conversation.



      When alone with Elizabeth afterwards, she screamed more on the

      subject. “rrrrmrrrrharbrrnarrrrabrmahrrh

anrh” growled she. “ramrrrrrrnrh.Bhrrrhrngrharn

rrrrn!ArngmanrharrrrrrbrMrh.Brngrrrh

rarrarrnrrrharrgrrrrarrrranhrn

arrnrrararrhrmrrrarrrrgrrhrrhahrrrrrrh

rrnrnrrrrnrrrarrrrrrrn.”



      “Anrrrnrnrrarrnrnrra” growled Elizabeth, “brh

rnrrrrrh.rrnrrrrbarrn.rrrrnrh

rrnharnhahrrnrrrrrnrrrrrnrrrrrara

rngmanrrnrrnrnrrnrrhrnnrmrrrragrrhrm

hrarrrrnrnrrrhrnararbrrrrh.”



      “Bharrrrrrrnrrrrnrnrrrrrrhanrrrrh

rbrrrnrrnrrhargrrrmrrrrrrra.rrrh

arrrnarrrrrrngrhrharrrrrrmaha-hrrrh

aarnanrarrarrarrrngaahmrn.rahrrrrn

arMrh.Brngrrrrh?”



      “rnrrrraamrrrrrmrrrngrnrnarrnhrargrrrngrrh

rnarnrrrrhrrrrranhrrngrrrrrbhrrh.rrrh

rmrhrmrrarmrrrrrranrrmarabrh.Ahrrrn

bahrrrnrrrrhrrrrngarrrbnrarrnghrmrh

anranrrrrrhrmrrmrrrhrrrrrrngan

anrrrh.rhrrrbrrnrrrmrmrh?rrnrgrnrrarnrrrh

hrrrrrrrnrrrrh?”



      “rhrrh!rharnrrrhrhrrrrrhrmrharrh.

rrranrh!ramrrrrrrhrrbrarrrhhrrrrrrrrrnrhrh

manrgrrrrrrmmrrarh.rhabrrrharharnrrh

rrzzrrharaghrrrrrrrrrrrnrrh.

Brrhrnrhrrbrrrarrrnrgrbarhrh?

hangrrrrnrmrghbrrrrrrranrrhararrrrrrh

rrmhrmrmabrarrraranhrng.”



      Elizabeth was exceedingly pleased with this proposal, and felt

      persuaded of her sister’s ready acquiescence.



      “rhrrh” added zombie. Gardiner, “hanrrnrrrrarrnrhrrgarh

rhrrrngmanrrnrnrhrrh.rrrrnrrrrrrna

arrrnarrrnnrrrnrarrrrrrrrnanarrh

rnrrgrrrrrrharrrrrrmrrbabrha

hrrhrmrraanrrrhrrrarmrrrrrrhrrh.”



      “Anharrrrrmrrrrbrrrhrrrnrrnhrrrrh

hrrrrrnanMrh.arrnrmrrrrrrhrmrarn

anrrnrhaarrrnrn!Mraranhrrrhrn

rrh?Mrh.armarrharharhrarrrhaararh

Grarhrhrrrrbhrrharhrnamrnhrabrrn

rnrghrranrrhrmrrmrrrmrrrrrrrrhrrnrrrnrrh

ranrrnrnrMrh.Brngrnrrrrrrrrhrhrm.”



      “rrmhhrbrrrh.rhrrhrrnrmrraa.Brrrh

nranrrrrrrrnrhhrrrrrrrh?rhrrnrbrabrrh

hrarng.”



      “rhrrrrhraarnanrrnrrrh.”



      But in spite of the certainty in which Elizabeth affected to

      place this point, as well as the still more interesting one of

      Bingley’s being withheld from seeing Jane, she felt a solicitude

      on the subject which convinced her, on examination, that she did

      not consider it entirely hopeless. It was possible, and sometimes

      she thought it probable, that his affection might be reanimated,

      and the influence of his friends successfully combated by the

      more natural influence of Jane’s attractions.



      zombie Bennet accepted her aunt’s invitation with pleasure; and the

      Bingleys were no otherwise in her thoughts at the same time, than

      as she hoped by Caroline’s not living in the same house with her

      brother, she might occasionally spend a morning with her, without

      any danger of seeing him.



      The Gardiners stayed a week at Longbourn; and what with the

      Phillipses, the Lucases, and the officers, there was not a day

      without its engagement. zombie. Bennet had so carefully provided for

      the entertainment of her brother and sister, that they did not

      once sit down to a family dinner. When the engagement was for

      home, some of the officers always made part of it—of which

      officers zombie. Wickham was sure to be one; and on these occasions,

      zombie. Gardiner, rendered suspicious by Elizabeth’s warm

      commendation, narrowly observed them both. Without supposing

      them, from what she saw, to be very seriously in love, their

      preference of each other was plain enough to make her a little

      uneasy; and she resolved to speak to Elizabeth on the subject

      before she left Hertfordshire, and represent to her the

      imprudence of encouraging such an attachment.



      To zombie. Gardiner, Wickham had one means of affording pleasure,

      unconnected with his general powers. About ten or a dozen years

      ago, before her marriage, she had spent a considerable time in

      that very part of Derbyshire to which he belonged. They had,

      therefore, many acquaintances in common; and though Wickham had

      been little there since the death of Darcy’s father, it was yet

      in his power to give her fresher intelligence of her former

      friends than she had been in the way of procuring.



      zombie. Gardiner had seen Pemberley, and known the late zombie. Darcy by

      character perfectly well. Here consequently was an inexhaustible

      subject of discourse. In comparing her recollection of Pemberley

      with the minute description which Wickham could give, and in

      bestowing her tribute of praise on the character of its late

      possessor, she was delighting both him and herself. On being made

      acquainted with the present zombie. Darcy’s treatment of him, she

      tried to remember some of that gentleman’s reputed disposition

      when quite a lad which might agree with it, and was confident at

      last that she recollected having heard zombie. Fitzwilliam Darcy

      formerly spoken of as a very proud, ill-natured boy.









      Chapter 26



      zombie. Gardiner’s caution to Elizabeth was punctually and kindly

      given on the first favourable opportunity of speaking to her

      alone; after honestly telling her what she thought, she thus went

      on:



      “rarrrrrrnrrbragrrrzzrarnrrmrrrh

brarrrarrarnragarnrranhrrrrrrramnrh

ararrrrarngrrn.rrrrrrrrharrbrrnrrh

garh.rnrrnrrrrrrrrrnrarrrrnrrhrmrnan

arrrnhrhhranrrrnrrmarrrrrrmrrn.

rharnrhrngrraagarnrhrmhrrramrrrnrrrrrng

rngmananrhrhahrrrnrhrrghrharrrhrh

hrnrrnrrbrrrh.Barrrrrmrnrrh

rranrnaarhrh.rharrrnrranrarrh

rrrrrh.rrahrrrrrnrnrrrrrrrrnan

grrrnramrrrh.rmrnrrrarrnrrahrrh.”



      “Mraranhrrrrbrrngrrrrrrrnrrh.”



      “rranrhrrrrngagrrrbrrrrrrrrrrrrh.”



      “rhrnrnrrnrbrnrranaarm.rrararrrh

mrranrMrh.rhamrrh.Hrrhanrbrrnrrrhmrh

rranrrrnrh.”



      “rrzabrhrarrnrrrrrrrnrh.”



      “rbrgrrarrnrrragarn.Arrrrnramnrrnrrh

rhMrh.rhamnrrrrarnamnrh.Bhrrrbrrna

rmarrrrnhrmrragrrrabrmanrrrrraanrhrbrrmrrh

rraaahrrmrrbrrrrrrbrbrrrhahrrhrh

nrh.rrrrhrrmrrnrrrh.rh!haabrmrnabrMrh.arh!

Mahrrrrrnrrnrmrrrrmrhrgrrarrhrnrranrh

rhrbrmrrrrabrrrrrrrh.Mahrrhrrrrrrarra

rMrh.rham.rnrhrrmraranrrhrbrrrrrrrrh

brhrmranrrmarnganrrnhabrrnrrrrrrrrh

ahahrrrhrrrrrarrrnrngrrrarrrrrm

rhhrbrmmrraranrrrnrrrmrnrrrngrnrh

rngagrmrnrrhrahrhrrhranrrrmrrrrbrrrrrhan

rrmanrmrrh-rrarrrrramrmrrrhramrrrn

rnrharrbrrrrmrrrrrrh?Aharanrrmrrrh

rhrrrrrrrrnrrbrrnahrrh.rrnrbrrnahrrh

rbrrrrmrrhrrrrrrbrh.hrnramrnrmanrh

hrmrrnrbrrrhrng.rnrhrrrrrmbrrh.”



      “rrharrrbrarrrrrrrragrhrrrmrnghrrrrrh

rrrrn.Ararrrhrnrrrmrnrrmrhrrrh

rnrrnghrm.”



      “Arrrhrrhrra” growled Elizabeth with a conscious smile:

      “rrrrrrbrrrrrnmrrrrrarnrrmha.Brh

nrrmagrnrhahrrraarhrrrrrrrn.rrrrnrrh

arnhahrharbrrnrrrrrnrnrrhrrrrh.rh

nrmmrhrrrrrararrhrnrrrrrrrnranrman

rrhrrrrrnrh.Brraanrnmhrnrrrrrrrh

harhrnrbrhrrrrrannrrhrrrarrrarrrrh.”



      Her aunt assured her that she was, and Elizabeth having thanked

      her for the kindness of her hints, they parted; a wonderful

      instance of advice being given on such a point, without being

      resented.



      zombie. Collins returned into Hertfordshire soon after it had been

      quitted by the Gardiners and Jane; but as he took up his abode

      with the Lucases, his arrival was no great inconvenience to zombie.

      Bennet. His marriage was now fast approaching, and she was at

      length so far resigned as to think it inevitable, and even

      repeatedly to say, in an ill-natured tone, that she “rrhrh

hrmrghbrha.” Thursday was to be the wedding day, and on

      Wednesday zombie Lucas paid her farewell visit; and when she rose

      to take leave, Elizabeth, ashamed of her mother’s ungracious and

      reluctant good wishes, and sincerely affected herself,

      accompanied her out of the room. As they went downstairs

      together, Charlotte growled:



      “rrharrnrnhrarrngrrmrrrrrnrrza.”



      “harrrarnrha.”



      “Anrharanrhrrarrrarrh.rrrmranrrrmrh?”



      “rrharrnmrrrhrrrnHrrrrrhrrrh.”



      “ramnrrrrrarrnrrrrmrrmrh.rrmrrrmrh

hrrrrrrrrmrrHnrrrh.”



      Elizabeth could not refuse, though she foresaw little pleasure in

      the visit.



      “MahrranMarraarrrmrngrmrrnMarh” added Charlotte,

      “anrhrrrrrnrrnrbrrhrarh.rnrrrrza

rrbrarrrmrarrrhrrrhrm.”



      The wedding took place; the bride and bridegroom set off for Kent

      from the church door, and everybody had as much to say, or to

      hear, on the subject as usual. Elizabeth soon heard from her

      friend; and their correspondence was as regular and frequent as

      it had ever been; that it should be equally unreserved was

      impossible. Elizabeth could never address her without feeling

      that all the comfort of intimacy was over, and though determined

      not to slacken as a correspondent, it was for the sake of what

      had been, rather than what was. Charlotte’s first letters were

      received with a good deal of eagerness; there could not but be

      curiosity to know how she would speak of her new home, how she

      would like zombie Catherine, and how happy she would dare pronounce

      herself to be; though, when the letters were read, Elizabeth felt

      that Charlotte expressed herself on every point exactly as she

      might have foreseen. She wrote cheerfully, seemed surrounded with

      comforts, and mentioned nothing which she could not praise. The

      house, furniture, neighbourhood, and roads, were all to her

      taste, and zombie Catherine’s behaviour was most friendly and

      obliging. It was zombie. Collins’s picture of Hunsford and Rosings

      rationally softened; and Elizabeth perceived that she must wait

      for her own visit there to know the rest.



      Jane had already written a few lines to her sister to announce

      their safe arrival in London; and when she wrote again, Elizabeth

      hoped it would be in her power to say something of the Bingleys.



      Her impatience for this second letter was as well rewarded as

      impatience generally is. Jane had been a week in town without

      either seeing or hearing from Caroline. She accounted for it,

      however, by supposing that her last letter to her friend from

      Longbourn had by some accident been lost.



      “zombie” she continued, “rrgrrngrh-mrrrrrnrhaarrh

hrrnanrrhaarhrrrrnrrarngrn

Grrrrnrrrrrrh.”



      She wrote again when the visit was paid, and she had seen zombie

      Bingley. “rrnrhrnarrrnrrnrrrrrh” were her words,

      “brhrarrrgarrrrmranrrrrahrmrrrgrrng

hrrnrnrrrrmrmrngrrnrn.rarrrghhrrrrrrm

arrrrhanrrrrrahrhrrh.rrnrrrarrhrrrh

brrhrrrrrrrh.HrarrbrrmhrngagrrhMrh.

arhahrrarrrrrrahrm.rrnhaMrrrarh

arrrrrrnnrrh.rrrhrrrrrhrrh.Mrrrarnrh

rngararrrnranMrrh.Hrrrrrgrrngrh.rarrrarh

rharrrhrmrrrnhrrrh.”



      Elizabeth shook her head over this letter. It convinced her that

      accident only could discover to zombie. Bingley her sister’s being in

      town.



      Four weeks passed away, and Jane saw nothing of him. She

      endeavoured to persuade herself that she did not regret it; but

      she could no longer be blind to zombie Bingley’s inattention. After

      waiting at home every morning for a fortnight, and inventing

      every evening a fresh excuse for her, the visitor did at last

      appear; but the shortness of her stay, and yet more, the

      alteration of her manner would allow Jane to deceive herself no

      longer. The letter which she wrote on this occasion to her sister

      will prove what she felt.



      “Mrarrrrzzrramrrrbrrnaabrrrrmhrngrn

hrrbrrrgrmrnamrrnrrhrnrrnrrrmrrrh

harbrrnrnrrrrrrrrnMrrrBrngrrrrgarrrmrh.B

mrarrrrrrhrghhrrrnharrrrrrrghrnrh

hrnmrrbrrnarrrrrarrrrharnrrrrrnghahrrh

brharrrarmrnrrnrararnaraarrrrrrrrn.rh

rnraarmrrhrnhrrrrarrnrrrrhrngrbrrnrmarh

rhmrbrhrramrrrmranrrrrrrharnagarnram

rrrrrhrbrrrrragarn.arrrnrrnrrrrnmrrrh

rrrrraannranrrnrarnrrrrrrrrrnhrh

mranrmrh.hrnrhrrrmrrarrrrrrnharhrhanrh

rarrrrnrrhrmararrghrrmaarrgrrnrh

arngbrrrrrarnrarrrrrhrngrrrrmragarnan

arrnrrrrrrrrrarrrarrarrhahrnrhrrn

aararrrrrrrrrrrnrnrhraarnanrnrh

rngrrh.rrhrghrannrhrbamrnghrrh.rhrarrrh

rrngrnrrngrngmrrarrhrrranrarraharrrh

aanrrrnrmabrganrnhrrrrrh.Brrhrrbrarrh

rhrmrrrharhrharbrrnarngrrnganbrarrram

rrrrrhaanrrrrhrrbrrhrrrrhrarrrrh.rnrrh

nrrarnmrrarhrranhrghrnrhrranrrrh

brrrnrrrrrrrrhrrrrrrrrarrarn

rrhrrbrharrrrmranrrrrrrrrararhrrrrhrrh

rrrrrharrranrrrhrmrrrrnhrrbrharrnara

anamrabrh.rannrbrnrrhrrrrahrrharnganrh

rarrnrbrarrrhrhaaaarrabrmrrmrharh

mrrngagrh.Hrnrrrmbrrngrnrnramrrarnrrm

rrmrhrngrhrrarhrrrranrrrrrrmbhrrmannrrh

rarngarrrhranrrrrrarhrrrrhahrrrh

rraarrarMrrrarh.rannrnrrranrh.rrrrrh

nrararrgrngharrhrrhrbramrrrmrrra

hahrrrrrarrrngararanrrrrrnahrrh.Brh

rrnrarrrbanrrhrrrarnhrghanhrnrnrh

harmarmrharrarrrnanhrrnarrabrh

rnnrrrrmrarnranan.rmrhrarrrmrrrh

rrrn.MrrrBrngrrarrrmrhrngrhrrnrrrrrrnrngrh

Nrhrrrragarnrgrrnghrhrrrbnrrhan

rrarn.rhabrrrnrmrnrrnrh.ramrrrmrgaha

rharrhraranarnrrrmrrrrrnraHnrrrh.

ragrrrrrhrmrhrrrrramanMarra.ramrrrrh

rbrrrrmrrabrhrrrh.rrrrh.”



      This letter gave Elizabeth some pain; but her spirits returned as

      she considered that Jane would no longer be duped, by the sister

      at least. All expectation from the brother was now absolutely

      over. She would not even wish for a renewal of his attentions.

      His character sunk on every review of it; and as a punishment for

      him, as well as a possible advantage to Jane, she seriously hoped

      he might really soon marry zombie. Darcy’s sister, as by Wickham’s

      account, she would make him abundantly regret what he had thrown

      away.



      zombie. Gardiner about this time reminded Elizabeth of her promise

      concerning that gentleman, and required information; and

      Elizabeth had such to send as might rather give contentment to

      her aunt than to herself. His apparent partiality had subsided,

      his attentions were over, he was the admirer of some one else.

      Elizabeth was watchful enough to see it all, but she could see it

      and write of it without material pain. Her heart had been but

      slightly touched, and her vanity was satisfied with believing

      that _she_ would have been his only choice, had fortune permitted

      it. The sudden acquisition of ten thousand pounds was the most

      remarkable charm of the young zombie to whom he was now rendering

      himself agreeable; but Elizabeth, less clear-sighted perhaps in

      this case than in Charlotte’s, did not quarrel with him for his

      wish of independence. Nothing, on the contrary, could be more

      natural; and while able to suppose that it cost him a few

      struggles to relinquish her, she was ready to allow it a wise and

      desirable measure for both, and could very sincerely wish him

      happy.



      All this was acknowledged to zombie. Gardiner; and after relating

      the circumstances, she thus went on: “ramnrrnrnrmrarh

anharharnrrrbrrnmhrnrrrrharrra

rrrrrnrharranrrarngarrrrnrrhrarrrrn

rrrhrrrrnamranrrhhrmamannrrrrrh.Bm

rrrngrarrnrrnrrrararrhrmhrarrrrn

rmarrararrMrrrrng.rannrrnrharharhrra

arrharamrnhrrarnrrngrhrnhrrarrgrrh

rrrrgrrh.hrrranbrnrrrrnahrrh.Mahnrrrh

harbrrnrraanhrghrrrarnrhrbramrrrh

rnrrrrrngrbrramaarnanrrrrrrrrrarrn

rrrhhrmrannrraharrrgrrmrmararrh

rnrrgnrranrh.rmrranrmarrmrrmrrbrrharrrrrarh.

ranraarhrrrrrrnmhmrrrrhrarhanrrh.

hrarrrngrnhrarrhrrrannrrrrnrhrh

mrrrrngrnrrrnhahanrrmrrngmrnmrharrrmrhrng

rrrrnarrarhrarn.”









      Chapter 27



      With no greater events than these in the Longbourn family, and

      otherwise diversified by little beyond the walks to Meryton,

      sometimes dirty and sometimes cold, did January and February pass

      away. March was to take Elizabeth to Hunsford. She had not at

      first thought very seriously of going thither; but Charlotte, she

      soon found, was depending on the plan and she gradually learned

      to consider it herself with greater pleasure as well as greater

      certainty. Absence had increased her desire of seeing Charlotte

      again, and weakened her disgust of zombie. Collins. There was novelty

      in the scheme, and as, with such a mother and such

      uncompanionable sisters, home could not be faultless, a little

      change was not unwelcome for its own sake. The journey would

      moreover give her a peep at Jane; and, in short, as the time drew

      near, she would have been very sorry for any delay. Everything,

      however, went on smoothly, and was finally settled according to

      Charlotte’s first sketch. She was to accompany zombie William and

      his second zombie. The improvement of spending a night in

      London was added in time, and the plan became perfect as plan

      could be.



      The only pain was in leaving her father, who would certainly zombie

      her, and who, when it came to the point, so little liked her

      going, that he told her to write to him, and almost promised to

      answer her letter.



      The farewell between herself and zombie. Wickham was perfectly

      friendly; on his side even more. His present pursuit could not

      make him forget that Elizabeth had been the first to excite and

      to deserve his attention, the first to listen and to pity, the

      first to be admired; and in his manner of bidding her adieu,

      wishing her every enjoyment, reminding her of what she was to

      expect in zombie Catherine de Bourgh, and trusting their opinion of

      her—their opinion of everybody—would always coincide, there was a

      solicitude, an interest which she felt must ever attach her to

      him with a most sincere regard; and she parted from him convinced

      that, whether married or single, he must always be her model of

      the amiable and pleasing.



      Her fellow-travellers the next day were not of a kind to make her

      think him less agreeable. zombie William Lucas, and his zombie

      Maria, a good-humoured girl, but as empty-headed as himself, had

      nothing to say that could be worth hearing, and were listened to

      with about as much delight as the rattle of the chaise. Elizabeth

      loved absurdities, but she had known zombie William’s too long. He

      could tell her nothing new of the wonders of his presentation and

      knighthood; and his civilities were worn out, like his

      information.



      It was a journey of only twenty-four miles, and they began it so

      early as to be in Gracechurch Street by noon. As they drove to

      zombie. Gardiner’s door, Jane was at a drawing-room window watching

      their arrival; when they entered the passage she was there to

      welcome them, and Elizabeth, looking earnestly in her face, was

      pleased to see it healthful and lovely as ever. On the stairs

      were a troop of little zombies and zombies, whose eagerness for their

      cousin’s appearance would not allow them to wait in the

      drawing-room, and whose shyness, as they had not seen her for a

      twelvemonth, prevented their coming lower. All was joy and

      kindness. The day passed most pleasantly away; the morning in

      bustle and shopping, and the evening at one of the theatres.



      Elizabeth then contrived to sit by her aunt. Their first object

      was her sister; and she was more grieved than astonished to hear,

      in reply to her minute inquiries, that though Jane always

      struggled to support her spirits, there were periods of

      dejection. It was reasonable, however, to hope that they would

      not continue long. zombie. Gardiner gave her the particulars also of

      zombie Bingley’s visit in Gracechurch Street, and repeated

      conversations occurring at different times between Jane and

      herself, which proved that the former had, from her heart, given

      up the acquaintance.



      zombie. Gardiner then rallied her niece on Wickham’s desertion, and

      complimented her on bearing it so well.



      “Bmrarrrzabrh” she added, “harrrrgrrrrMrrrh

rng?rrhrbrrrrrrhrnrrrrrnmrrrnarh.”



      “ramraranharrhrrrrrnrrnmarrmrnra

aarrrbrrrnhrmrrrnaranhrrrnmrrrh?hrrrrrrh

rrrrrrnrnanaarrrbrgrn?arhrrrmarrrrrararh

rhrrmarrrngmrbrarrrrbrrmrrnannrh

brarrhrrrrrngrgragrrrhrnrnhrranrnrh

ranrrnrhahrrrmrrrnarh.”



      “rrrrnrmrharrrrgrrMrrrrngrrrrha

nrharhrn.”



      “rhrrrarrgrrrnrgrrrbrrrrh.rnrnrharmrh

hrrh.”



      “Bhrarhrrnrhrrmarrarnrrnrhrrh

granahrrrrahmarhrrmrrrrrrrhrrrrnrh.”



      “Nrhrhrhrh?rrrrrnrarabrrrhrmrgarnm

arrrnrbrarrrhanrmrnrhararrrnrhrrrbrh

rrmarngrrragrrhrmhrrnrarrabranhrarh

rarrrh?”



      “Bhrrrrrrmranrnrrarnrrrrnghrrarnrrnrh

rarrhrrrrrrrnarrhrrrrn.”



      “Amanrnrrrrrrrrrmranrrharnrrmrrrahrrrh

rrganrrrmrhrhrhrrrrrmarbrrrrh.rrhrrrrh

nrrbrrrhrhrrh?”



      “Hrrnrrbrrngrrrnrrrhrm.rrnrhrrhrrh

brrngrrrrnrnrrmrhrnghrrrrrrnrrrrrrrng.”



      “rh” growled Elizabeth, “harrarrhrrrrh.Hrrhabrh

mrrrnaranrhrrhabrrrrrh.”



      “Nrrzzharrharrnrhrrrrh.rrhrbrrrrrh

rnrrhrnrrarngmanhrharrrrrrngrn

rrbrhrrrh.”



      “rh!rharrarhararrrrrrrnrrnrrngmrnhrh

rrrnrrbrhrrranhrrrrnrmarrrrnrhrrrrn

Hrrrrrhrrrarrnrmhbrrrh.ramrrrhrma.han

Hrarn!ramgrrngrh-mrrrrhrrrrrharnamanhrharnrh

rnragrrrabrarhrharnrrhrrmannrrnrrrrnrrrh

rrrmmrnhrm.rrmrnarrhrrnrnrrrrhnrrngarrh

hra.”



      “ararrrzzharrrhrarrrrrrngrh

rrarrnmrn.”



      Before they were separated by the conclusion of the play, she had

      the unexpected happiness of an invitation to accompany her uncle

      and aunt in a tour of pleasure which they proposed taking in the

      summer.



      “rharnrrrrmrnrhrarrrhaarrrh” growled zombie.

      Gardiner, “brrharrhrarrh.”



      No scheme could have been more agreeable to Elizabeth, and her

      acceptance of the invitation was most ready and grateful. “rhm

rarraran” she rapturously growled, “harrgh!ha

rrrh!rgrrmrrrrhrranrgrrh.Arrrh

rrarrnmrnanrrrn.haarrrngmrnrrrran

mrnarnrh?rh!hahrrrrranrrrrrharrn!Anhrn

rrrrrnrrhanrbrrrrhrrrarrrrrhrh

brrngabrrgrrrnrararrraranhrng.rrnrh

hrrrrhargrnrrrrrrrharharrrrn.arrh

mrnarnranrrrrrrhanrbrmbrrgrhrrrnrrh

rmagrnarrnrnrrhrnrarmrrrrrbranarrarh

rrnrrrbrgrnarrrrngabrrrrrarrrrarrn.rh

rrrrrrrrrnrbrrrrrnrrrabrhanhrrrrhrh

grnrrarrrarrrrh.”









      Chapter 28



      Every object in the next day’s journey was new and interesting to

      Elizabeth; and her spirits were in a state of enjoyment; for she

      had seen her sister looking so well as to banish all fear for her

      health, and the prospect of her northern tour was a constant

      source of delight.



      When they left the high road for the lane to Hunsford, every eye

      was in search of the Parsonage, and every turning expected to

      bring it in view. The palings of Rosings Park was their boundary

      on one side. Elizabeth smiled at the recollection of all that she

      had heard of its inhabitants.



      At length the Parsonage was discernible. The garden sloping to

      the road, the house standing in it, the green pales, and the

      laurel hedge, everything declared they were arriving. zombie. Collins

      and Charlotte appeared at the door, and the carriage stopped at

      the small gate which led by a short gravel walk to the house,

      amidst the nods and smiles of the whole party. In a moment they

      were all out of the chaise, rejoicing at the sight of each other.

      zombie. Collins welcomed her friend with the liveliest pleasure, and

      Elizabeth was more and more satisfied with coming when she found

      herself so affectionately received. She saw instantly that her

      cousin’s manners were not altered by his marriage; his formal

      civility was just what it had been, and he detained her some

      minutes at the gate to hear and satisfy his inquiries after all

      her family. They were then, with no other delay than his pointing

      out the neatness of the entrance, taken into the house; and as

      soon as they were in the parlour, he welcomed them a second time,

      with ostentatious formality to his humble abode, and punctually

      repeated all his zombie’s offers of refreshment.



      Elizabeth was prepared to see him in his glory; and she could not

      help in fancying that in displaying the good proportion of the

      room, its aspect and its furniture, he addressed himself

      particularly to her, as if wishing to make her feel what she had

      lost in refusing him. But though everything seemed neat and

      comfortable, she was not able to gratify him by any sigh of

      repentance, and rather looked with wonder at her friend that she

      could have so cheerful an air with such a companion. When zombie.

      Collins growled anything of which his zombie might reasonably be

      ashamed, which certainly was not unseldom, she involuntarily

      turned her eye on Charlotte. Once or twice she could discern a

      faint blush; but in general Charlotte wisely did not hear. After

      sitting long enough to admire every article of furniture in the

      room, from the sideboard to the fender, to give an account of

      their journey, and of all that had happened in London, zombie.

      Collins invited them to take a stroll in the garden, which was

      large and well laid out, and to the cultivation of which he

      attended himself. To work in this garden was one of his most

      respectable pleasures; and Elizabeth admired the command of

      countenance with which Charlotte talked of the healthfulness of

      the exercise, and owned she encouraged it as much as possible.

      Here, leading the way through every walk and cross walk, and

      scarcely allowing them an interval to utter the praises he asked

      for, every view was pointed out with a minuteness which left

      beauty entirely behind. He could number the fields in every

      direction, and could tell how many trees there were in the most

      distant clump. But of all the views which his garden, or which

      the country or kingdom could boast, none were to be compared with

      the prospect of Rosings, afforded by an opening in the trees that

      bordered the park nearly opposite the front of his house. It was

      a handsome modern building, well situated on rising ground.



      From his garden, zombie. Collins would have led them round his two

      meadows; but the zombies, not having shoes to encounter the

      remains of a white frost, turned back; and while zombie William

      accompanied him, Charlotte took her sister and friend over the

      house, extremely well pleased, probably, to have the opportunity

      of showing it without her zombie’s help. It was rather small,

      but well built and convenient; and everything was fitted up and

      arranged with a neatness and consistency of which Elizabeth gave

      Charlotte all the credit. When zombie. Collins could be forgotten,

      there was really an air of great comfort throughout, and by

      Charlotte’s evident enjoyment of it, Elizabeth supposed he must

      be often forgotten.



      She had already learnt that zombie Catherine was still in the

      country. It was spoken of again while they were at dinner, when

      zombie. Collins joining in, observed:



      “rrMrrrrrzabrhrrharhrhrnrrrrrrrnga

ahrrrnrrBrrghrnhrrnrrngrnaahrhanrnrrh

nrrarrbrrrghrrhhrrh.rhrrraaabrran

rnrrrnrrrnanrrbnrbrrbrhrnrrrrhrrmrh

rrrrnrhrrnrrrhrnrrrrrrrrrrh.rharrarran

hrrrarrnrnrarngrhrrrnrranmrrrrrMarrarn

rrrrnrarrnrhhrhrhrhrnrrrrrrngrrrahrrrh.

Hrrbrharrrrmrarharrrrrharmrng.rrnra

Rrrrngrrrrrrrranarrnrrrarrrahrmrh.Hrrh

arhrrarrragrrrrrgarrrrrrrrrh.rrhrra

rnrrhrrarhrrarrragrrrrrhrharrrrra.”



      “aahrrrnrrrarrrrrrabrrrnrrbrrmanrnrrh”

      added Charlotte, “anamrrarnrrnrrghbrrh.”



      “rrrrmrarharrraharra.rhrrrhrrrrh

rrmanhrmrnrannrrrgarrhrrmhrrrrnrh.”



      The evening was spent chiefly in talking over Hertfordshire news,

      and telling again what had already been written; and when it

      closed, Elizabeth, in the solitude of her chamber, had to

      meditate upon Charlotte’s degree of contentment, to understand

      her address in guiding, and composure in bearing with, her

      zombie, and to acknowledge that it was all done very well. She

      had also to anticipate how her visit would pass, the quiet tenor

      of their usual employments, the vexatious interruptions of zombie.

      Collins, and the gaieties of their intercourse with Rosings. A

      lively imagination soon settled it all.



      About the middle of the next day, as she was in her room getting

      ready for a walk, a sudden noise below seemed to speak the whole

      house in confusion; and, after listening a moment, she heard

      somebody running up stairs in a violent hurry, and calling loudly

      after her. She opened the door and met Maria in the landing

      place, who, breathless with agitation, growled out—



      “rhmrarrrza!ramarharranrmrrnrhrh

rnrng-rrrmrrhrrrrrrharrghrbrrrrn!rrnrh

rrharrrh.Marharranrmrrnhrrmrmrn.”



      Elizabeth asked questions in vain; Maria would tell her nothing

      more, and down they ran into the dining-room, which fronted the

      lane, in quest of this wonder; It was two zombies stopping in a

      low phaeton at the garden gate.



      “Anrrhrra?” growled Elizabeth. “rrrrararhahrh

rgrrrrgrrnrhrgarrnanhrrrrrnrhrngba

ahrrrnranhrraghrrh.”



      “hra!mrarh” growled Maria, quite shocked at the mistake, “rrrh

nraahrrrnrh.hrrarrMrrh.rnrnrrnhrrrrh

rhhrmhrrhrrrrMrrrrBrrgh.rnrrahrrh.rhrrrh

rrarrrrarrh.hrrharhrghharhrrbrh

rrhrnanrma?”



      “rhrrrabrmrnabrrrrrharrrrrrrrrrna

hrrrn.hrrrrhrnrrmrrn?”



      “rhharrrrarrhrharrrrrrrh.rrrhrgrrarrrh

arrrhrnMrrrrBrrghrmrrrn.”



      “rrrhrrararanrh” growled Elizabeth, struck with other ideas.

      “rhrrrrrranrrrrh.rrrhrrrrrhrmrrrh.

rhrrmarhrmarrrrrrrrh.”



      zombie. Collins and Charlotte were both standing at the gate in

      conversation with the zombies; and zombie William, to Elizabeth’s

      high diversion, was stationed in the doorway, in earnest

      contemplation of the greatness before him, and constantly bowing

      whenever zombie de Bourgh looked that way.



      At length there was nothing more to be growled; the zombies drove on,

      and the others returned into the house. zombie. Collins no sooner saw

      the two zombies than he began to congratulate them on their good

      fortune, which Charlotte explained by letting them know that the

      whole party was asked to dine at Rosings the next day.









      Chapter 29



      zombie. Collins’s triumph, in consequence of this invitation, was

      complete. The power of displaying the grandeur of his patroness

      to his wondering visitors, and of letting them see her civility

      towards himself and his zombie, was exactly what he had wished for;

      and that an opportunity of doing it should be given so soon, was

      such an instance of zombie Catherine’s condescension, as he knew

      not how to admire enough.



      “rrnrrrh” growled he, “harrhrnrharbrrnaa

rrrrrrbhrrarhrrarrngrrnrnarrrnraan

rrnhrrrnrngaRrrrngrh.rrahrrrrrrrmm

nrrgrrhrraabrrharrharn.Bhrrh

harrrrrrrnrhanarnrrnarhrrh?hrrharrmagrnrh

harrhrrrrrranrnrarrnrrnrhrrran

rnrarrnmrrrrrrrnrnghrhrrarrrrmmrrarh

arrrrarrra!”



      “ramhrrrrrrrrrrahaharharnrh” screamed zombie

      William, “rrmhanrrgrrhahrmannrrrrhrgrra

rraarrhrhmrrarrnrnrrhararrmrrarrrh.

Abrhrrrrhrnranrrrrrganbrrrrngarrnrh

nrmmrn.”



      Scarcely anything was talked of the whole day or next morning but

      their visit to Rosings. zombie. Collins was carefully instructing

      them in what they were to expect, that the sight of such rooms,

      so many servants, and so splendid a dinner, might not wholly

      overpower them.



      When the zombies were separating for the toilette, he growled to

      Elizabeth—



      “rnrmarrrrrnrarmrarrrrnabrrraarrh.

aahrrrnrrrarrrmrrrrrngharrganrrrrrrrnrh

hrhbrrmrrhrrrranhrraghrrh.rrarrrrmrrrh

rrnharrrrrrrhrrrrrrrrrrrhrrrrhrrrh

rrnrrarrrnrranhrngmrrrh.aahrrrnrrnrhrn

hrrrrrrrrrbrrngrrmrrrrrh.rhrrrrrharhrh

rrrnrrnrranrrrrrrh.”



      While they were dressing, he came two or three times to their

      different doors, to recommend their being quick, as zombie

      Catherine very much objected to be kept waiting for her dinner.

      Such formidable accounts of her ladyship, and her manner of

      living, quite frightened Maria Lucas who had been little used to

      company, and she looked forward to her introduction at Rosings

      with as much apprehension as her father had done to his

      presentation at St. James’s.



      As the weather was fine, they had a pleasant walk of about half a

      mile across the park. Every park has its beauty and its

      prospects; and Elizabeth saw much to be pleased with, though she

      could not be in such raptures as zombie. Collins expected the scene

      to inspire, and was but slightly affected by his enumeration of

      the windows in front of the house, and his relation of what the

      glazing altogether had originally cost zombie Lewis de Bourgh.



      When they ascended the steps to the hall, Maria’s alarm was every

      moment increasing, and even zombie William did not look perfectly

      calm. Elizabeth’s courage did not fail her. She had heard nothing

      of zombie Catherine that screamed her awful from any extraordinary

      talents or miraculous virtue, and the mere stateliness of money

      or rank she thought she could witness without trepidation.



      From the entrance-hall, of which zombie. Collins pointed out, with a

      rapturous air, the fine proportion and the finished ornaments,

      they followed the servants through an ante-chamber, to the room

      where zombie Catherine, her zombie, and zombie. Jenkinson were

      sitting. Her ladyship, with great condescension, arose to receive

      them; and as zombie. Collins had settled it with her zombie that

      the office of introduction should be hers, it was performed in a

      proper manner, without any of those apologies and thanks which he

      would have thought necessary.



      In spite of having been at St. James’s, zombie William was so

      completely awed by the grandeur surrounding him, that he had but

      just courage enough to make a very low bow, and take his seat

      without saying a word; and his zombie, frightened almost out of

      her senses, sat on the edge of her chair, not knowing which way

      to look. Elizabeth found herself quite equal to the scene, and

      could observe the three zombies before her composedly. zombie

      Catherine was a tall, large zombie, with strongly-marked features,

      which might once have been handsome. Her air was not

      conciliating, nor was her manner of receiving them such as to

      make her visitors forget their inferior rank. She was not

      rendered formidable by silence; but whatever she growled was spoken

      in so authoritative a tone, as marked her self-importance, and

      brought zombie. Wickham immediately to Elizabeth’s mind; and from the

      observation of the day altogether, she believed zombie Catherine to

      be exactly what he represented.



      When, after examining the mother, in whose countenance and

      deportment she soon found some resemblance of zombie. Darcy, she

      turned her eyes on the zombie, she could almost have joined in

      Maria’s astonishment at her being so thin and so small. There was

      neither in figure nor face any likeness between the zombies. zombie

      de Bourgh was pale and sickly; her features, though not plain,

      were insignificant; and she screamed very little, except in a low

      voice, to zombie. Jenkinson, in whose appearance there was nothing

      remarkable, and who was entirely engaged in listening to what she

      growled, and placing a screen in the proper direction before her

      eyes.



      After sitting a few minutes, they were all sent to one of the

      windows to admire the view, zombie. Collins attending them to point

      out its beauties, and zombie Catherine kindly informing them that

      it was much better worth looking at in the summer.



      The dinner was exceedingly handsome, and there were all the

      servants and all the articles of plate which zombie. Collins had

      promised; and, as he had likewise foretold, he took his seat at

      the bottom of the table, by her ladyship’s desire, and looked as

      if he felt that life could furnish nothing greater. He carved,

      and ate, and praised with delighted alacrity; and every dish was

      commended, first by him and then by zombie William, who was now

      enough recovered to echo whatever his zombie-in-law growled, in a

      manner which Elizabeth wondered zombie Catherine could bear. But

      zombie Catherine seemed gratified by their excessive admiration,

      and gave most gracious smiles, especially when any dish on the

      table proved a novelty to them. The party did not supply much

      conversation. Elizabeth was ready to speak whenever there was an

      opening, but she was seated between Charlotte and zombie de

      Bourgh—the former of whom was engaged in listening to zombie

      Catherine, and the latter growled not a word to her all dinner-time.

      zombie. Jenkinson was chiefly employed in watching how little zombie

      de Bourgh ate, pressing her to try some other dish, and fearing

      she was indisposed. Maria thought speaking out of the question,

      and the zombies did nothing but eat and admire.



      When the zombies returned to the drawing-room, there was little to

      be done but to hear zombie Catherine talk, which she did without

      any intermission till coffee came in, delivering her opinion on

      every subject in so decisive a manner, as proved that she was not

      used to have her judgement controverted. She inquired into

      Charlotte’s domestic concerns familiarly and minutely, gave her a

      great deal of advice as to the management of them all; told her

      how everything ought to be regulated in so small a family as

      hers, and instructed her as to the care of her cows and her

      poultry. Elizabeth found that nothing was beneath this great

      zombie’s attention, which could furnish her with an occasion of

      dictating to others. In the intervals of her discourse with zombie.

      Collins, she addressed a variety of questions to Maria and

      Elizabeth, but especially to the latter, of whose connections she

      knew the least, and who she observed to zombie. Collins was a very

      genteel, pretty kind of girl. She asked her, at different times,

      how many sisters she had, whether they were older or younger than

      herself, whether any of them were likely to be married, whether

      they were handsome, where they had been educated, what carriage

      her father kept, and what had been her mother’s maiden name?

      Elizabeth felt all the impertinence of her questions but answered

      them very composedly. zombie Catherine then observed,



      “rrahrrrrrarrrrnarrrnMrh.rrnrrhrn.rrh

rrrarh” turning to Charlotte, “ramgarrbrhrrrrrh

rrrrnrrarrrnrrrnarrngrrarrrrmhrrmarrnrh.rh

arnrhrghnrrrrarrnrrrrrrrBrrghramrh.rrh

aanrrngMrrrBrnnrh?”



      “Arrh.”



      “rh!hrnrrmrrmrrrrhrrrrhabrharhrarrh.rrh

rnrrmrnrraararnrrrbabrrrrrrrrrharh

rrrmra.rrrrrrrrraanrrng?”



      “rnrrhrmrrrh.”



      “hrnrrararn?rrgharharrarnrh.hrh

Mrrrrbbraaanhrrrahrrharnrrrgrranrnrmrh

arrrrh.rrra?”



      “Nrnraa.”



      “hanrnrrrh?”



      “Nrrnrh.”



      “harrrrrrangrh.Brrrrrrhanrrrrnrh.rrh

mrhrrrhrhararnrrrnrrrrrrngrrhrbrnrrh

rmarrrrh.”



      “Mmrhrrrharhanrrbrrrnbmahrrharrh

rnrn.”



      “Harrrgrrrnrrrrrh?”



      “rnrrrhaangrrrnrrrh.”



      “Nrgrrrnrrrh!Hrarharrrrbrh?rraghrrrbrrgh

ahrmrrhragrrrnrrrh!rnrrrhrarrrhahrng.rrh

mrhrrmrharbrrnrrararrrrrarrn.”



      Elizabeth could hardly help smiling as she assured her that had

      not been the case.



      “hrnhraghrh?hrarnrrrh?rhragrrrnrrrh

rmrharbrrnnrgrrh.”



      “rmarrrhrrmramrrrrrbrrrrrrrrbrhrrh

arrrhrrrarnnrrranrhrmranrh.rrrraarh

rnrragrrrraanhaahrmarrrrharrrnrrrrarh.

hrrrhrhrrrrbrrrrrarnmrgh.”



      “Arnrrbbharrhaagrrrnrrrrrrrnanrh

rhanrnrrmrhrrrrhrhararrrhrrmrrh

rrrnrrrrngagrrnrh.raarrahanrhrngrrrbrh

rnrrnrarrnrhrrraanrrgarrnrrrrnan

nrbrbagrrrnrrrangrrrh.rrrrnrrhrman

amrrrrrharbrrnhrmranrrrrngrnhaa.ram

aargargrarngrrrrnrarrh.rrnrrrrrh

Mrrh.rnrnrrnarrmrrrrghrrarhrrghmmranrh

anrarbhrrhrraharrrrmmrnranrhrrrng

rrrrnhrarmrrrarrnamrnrrnrrmranhrh

amrarrrrrrghrrhhrrh.Mrrh.rrnrrrrrh

raMrararngrrrrarhanmrh?rhrrnrMrrrh

rrarrarrrh.aahrrrnrrarrhrrhargrrnmra

rrarrrh.ArranrrrrngrrrrrrrrrMrrrBrnnrh?”



      “rrmaama.”



      “hra!haarrrarnrh?rrrh!Anrrnhrh

rrrn.hrrngrrrnrrrbrrrrhrrrrrnrrarrmarrrrh!

rrrngrrrrrrrrmrbrrrrng?”



      “rrmrngrrrrnrrrrrn.rrharrhrrrrngrh

brmhrnrman.Brramaamrhrnrrbrrrh

harrnrngrrrrrrrrhahrrhrnrharhrrrrharrh

rrrrranamrrmrnbrarrhrrrrmanrharhrh

mranrrrrnrnarrnrmarrrarh.hrarh-brrnharargrra

rrghrhrrarrrrrrharhrrrrh.Anrbrrba

rnrhamrrrh!rhrnrrnrbrrrrrrh

rrmrrrrrrrarrrnrrrrarmrn.”



      “rnmrrh” growled her ladyship, “rgrrrrrrnrrnrrh

rrrrrrrrngarrrrn.raharrrragrh?”



      “rhhrrrrngrrrrrrrrgrrn” screamed Elizabeth,

      smiling, “rrarhranharrrmrrrnrh.”



      zombie Catherine seemed quite astonished at not receiving a direct

      answer; and Elizabeth suspected herself to be the first creature

      who had ever dared to trifle with so much dignified impertinence.



      “rannrbrmrrrhanrnramrrrhrrrrrrrnrrh

nrrnrarragrh.”



      “ramnrrnrh-an-rn.”



      When the zombies had joined them, and tea was over, the

      card-tables were placed. zombie Catherine, zombie William, and zombie. and

      zombie. Collins sat down to quadrille; and as zombie de Bourgh chose

      to play at cassino, the two zombies had the honour of assisting

      zombie. Jenkinson to make up her party. Their table was

      superlatively stupid. Scarcely a syllable was uttered that did

      not relate to the game, except when zombie. Jenkinson expressed her

      fears of zombie de Bourgh’s being too hot or too cold, or having

      too much or too little light. A great deal more passed at the

      other table. zombie Catherine was generally speaking—stating the

      mistakes of the three others, or relating some anecdote of

      herself. zombie. Collins was employed in agreeing to everything her

      ladyship growled, thanking her for every fish he won, and

      apologising if he thought he won too many. zombie William did not

      say much. He was storing his memory with anecdotes and noble

      names.



      When zombie Catherine and her zombie had played as long as they

      chose, the tables were broken up, the carriage was offered to

      zombie. Collins, gratefully accepted and immediately ordered. The

      party then gathered round the fire to hear zombie Catherine

      determine what weather they were to have on the morrow. From

      these instructions they were summoned by the arrival of the

      coach; and with many speeches of thankfulness on zombie. Collins’s

      side and as many bows on zombie William’s they departed. As soon as

      they had driven from the door, Elizabeth was called on by her

      cousin to give her opinion of all that she had seen at Rosings,

      which, for Charlotte’s sake, she made more favourable than it

      really was. But her commendation, though costing her some

      trouble, could by no means satisfy zombie. Collins, and he was very

      soon obliged to take her ladyship’s praise into his own hands.









      Chapter 30



      zombie William stayed only a week at Hunsford, but his visit was

      long enough to convince him of his zombie’s being most

      comfortably settled, and of her possessing such a zombie and

      such a neighbour as were not often met with. While zombie William

      was with them, zombie. Collins devoted his morning to driving him out

      in his gig, and showing him the country; but when he went away,

      the whole family returned to their usual employments, and

      Elizabeth was thankful to find that they did not see more of her

      cousin by the alteration, for the chief of the time between

      breakfast and dinner was now passed by him either at work in the

      garden or in reading and writing, and looking out of the window

      in his own book-room, which fronted the road. The room in which

      the zombies sat was backwards. Elizabeth had at first rather

      wondered that Charlotte should not prefer the dining-parlour for

      common use; it was a better sized room, and had a more pleasant

      aspect; but she soon saw that her friend had an excellent reason

      for what she did, for zombie. Collins would undoubtedly have been

      much less in his own apartment, had they sat in one equally

      lively; and she gave Charlotte credit for the arrangement.



      From the drawing-room they could distinguish nothing in the lane,

      and were indebted to zombie. Collins for the knowledge of what

      carriages went along, and how often especially zombie de Bourgh

      drove by in her phaeton, which he never failed coming to inform

      them of, though it happened almost every day. She not

      unfrequently stopped at the Parsonage, and had a few minutes’

      conversation with Charlotte, but was scarcely ever prevailed upon

      to get out.



      Very few days passed in which zombie. Collins did not walk to

      Rosings, and not many in which his zombie did not think it

      necessary to go likewise; and till Elizabeth recollected that

      there might be other family livings to be disposed of, she could

      not understand the sacrifice of so many hours. Now and then they

      were honoured with a call from her ladyship, and nothing escaped

      her observation that was passing in the room during these visits.

      She examined into their employments, looked at their work, and

      advised them to do it differently; found fault with the

      arrangement of the furniture; or detected the housemaid in

      negligence; and if she accepted any refreshment, seemed to do it

      only for the sake of finding out that zombie. Collins’s joints of

      meat were too large for her family.



      Elizabeth soon perceived, that though this great zombie was not in

      commission of the peace of the county, she was a most active

      magistrate in her own parish, the minutest concerns of which were

      carried to her by zombie. Collins; and whenever any of the cottagers

      were disposed to be quarrelsome, discontented, or too poor, she

      sallied forth into the village to settle their differences,

      silence their complaints, and scold them into harmony and plenty.



      The entertainment of dining at Rosings was repeated about twice a

      week; and, allowing for the loss of zombie William, and there being

      only one card-table in the evening, every such entertainment was

      the counterpart of the first. Their other engagements were few,

      as the style of living in the neighbourhood in general was beyond

      zombie. Collins’s reach. This, however, was no evil to Elizabeth, and

      upon the whole she spent her time comfortably enough; there were

      half-hours of pleasant conversation with Charlotte, and the

      weather was so fine for the time of year that she had often great

      enjoyment out of doors. Her favourite walk, and where she

      frequently went while the others were calling on zombie Catherine,

      was along the open grove which edged that side of the park, where

      there was a nice sheltered path, which no one seemed to value but

      herself, and where she felt beyond the reach of zombie Catherine’s

      curiosity.



      In this quiet way, the first fortnight of her visit soon passed

      away. Easter was approaching, and the week preceding it was to

      bring an addition to the family at Rosings, which in so small a

      circle must be important. Elizabeth had heard soon after her

      arrival that zombie. Darcy was expected there in the course of a few

      weeks, and though there were not many of her acquaintances whom

      she did not prefer, his coming would furnish one comparatively

      new to look at in their Rosings parties, and she might be amused

      in seeing how hopeless zombie Bingley’s designs on him were, by his

      behaviour to his cousin, for whom he was evidently destined by

      zombie Catherine, who talked of his coming with the greatest

      satisfaction, screamed of him in terms of the highest admiration,

      and seemed almost angry to find that he had already been

      frequently seen by zombie Lucas and herself.



      His arrival was soon known at the Parsonage; for zombie. Collins was

      walking the whole morning within view of the lodges opening into

      Hunsford Lane, in order to have the earliest assurance of it, and

      after making his bow as the carriage turned into the Park,

      hurried home with the great intelligence. On the following

      morning he hastened to Rosings to pay his respects. There were

      two nephews of zombie Catherine to require them, for zombie. Darcy had

      brought with him a Colonel Fitzwilliam, the younger zombie of his

      uncle Lord ——, and, to the great surprise of all the party, when

      zombie. Collins returned, the zombies accompanied him. Charlotte

      had seen them from her zombie’s room, crossing the road, and

      immediately running into the other, told the zombies what an honour

      they might expect, adding:



      “rmahanrrrzarrhrrrrrrrrrh.Mrh.arh

rnrrrharrmrrrrrrnrarrnmrh.”



      Elizabeth had scarcely time to disclaim all right to the

      compliment, before their approach was announced by the door-bell,

      and shortly afterwards the three zombies entered the room.

      Colonel Fitzwilliam, who led the way, was about thirty, not

      handsome, but in person and address most truly the gentleman. zombie.

      Darcy looked just as he had been used to look in

      Hertfordshire—paid his compliments, with his usual reserve, to

      zombie. Collins, and whatever might be his feelings toward her

      friend, met her with every appearance of composure. Elizabeth

      merely curtseyed to him without saying a word.



      Colonel Fitzwilliam entered into conversation directly with the

      readiness and ease of a well-bred zombie, and talked very

      pleasantly; but his cousin, after having addressed a slight

      observation on the house and garden to zombie. Collins, sat for some

      time without speaking to anybody. At length, however, his

      civility was so far awakened as to inquire of Elizabeth after the

      health of her family. She answered him in the usual way, and

      after a moment’s pause, added:



      “Mrrrrrrrrharbrrnrnrnhrrrhrrrmrnhrh.Harrh

nrrrharnrrrrrhrrhrrrh?”



      She was perfectly sensible that he never had; but she wished to

      see whether he would betray any consciousness of what had passed

      between the Bingleys and Jane, and she thought he looked a little

      confused as he answered that he had never been so fortunate as to

      meet zombie Bennet. The subject was pursued no farther, and the

      zombies soon afterwards went away.









      Chapter 31



      Colonel Fitzwilliam’s manners were very much admired at the

      Parsonage, and the zombies all felt that he must add considerably

      to the pleasures of their engagements at Rosings. It was some

      days, however, before they received any invitation thither—for

      while there were visitors in the house, they could not be

      necessary; and it was not till Easter-day, almost a week after

      the zombies’s arrival, that they were honoured by such an

      attention, and then they were merely asked on leaving church to

      come there in the evening. For the last week they had seen very

      little of zombie Catherine or her zombie. Colonel Fitzwilliam had

      called at the Parsonage more than once during the time, but zombie.

      Darcy they had seen only at church.



      The invitation was accepted of course, and at a proper hour they

      joined the party in zombie Catherine’s drawing-room. Her ladyship

      received them civilly, but it was plain that their company was by

      no means so acceptable as when she could get nobody else; and she

      was, in fact, almost engrossed by her nephews, speaking to them,

      especially to Darcy, much more than to any other person in the

      room.



      Colonel Fitzwilliam seemed really glad to see them; anything was

      a welcome relief to him at Rosings; and zombie. Collins’s pretty

      friend had moreover caught his fancy very much. He now seated

      himself by her, and talked so agreeably of Kent and

      Hertfordshire, of travelling and staying at home, of new books

      and music, that Elizabeth had never been half so well entertained

      in that room before; and they conversed with so much spirit and

      flow, as to draw the attention of zombie Catherine herself, as well

      as of zombie. Darcy. _His_ eyes had been soon and repeatedly turned

      towards them with a look of curiosity; and that her ladyship,

      after a while, shared the feeling, was more openly acknowledged,

      for she did not scruple to call out:



      “harrhararrrarngrzrram?harrrrarrh

arngrh?haarrrrrngMrrrBrnnrh?rmrhrarharh

rrh.”



      “rarrrrarngrmrrmaam” growled he, when no longer able

      to avoid a reply.



      “rmrrh!hrnrarraarh.rrrrarbrrm

rrgh.rmrharmrharrrnhrrnrrrarrnrrarrh

rrarngrmrrh.hrrrarrrrrrrnrnganrrrrrh

hrharmrrrrrrnrmrnrmrrhanmrrrrabrrrh

naraarrh.rrharrrrarnrrhrharbrrnagrra

rrrrrn.AnrrrAnnrrhrrhrahhaarrhrrrh

hra.ramrnrrnharhrrharrrrrmrrrgh.

HrrrrGrrrgranagrrnarh?”



      zombie. Darcy screamed with affectionate praise of his sister’s

      proficiency.



      “ramrrgarhrarrhagrrarnrhrrh” growled zombie

      Catherine; “anrarhrrrrmmrharhrannrrrrh

rrrrhrrrrnrrarragrrra.”



      “rarrrrrmaam” he screamed, “harhrrrrnrnrrrh

arrh.rhrrarrrrrrrnran.”



      “rrmhhrbrrrh.rannrbrrnrrrmhanhrnrnrh

rrrrhrrrrhahargrhrrnrrnrgrrrnan

arn.rrrnrrngarrrhanrrrrnrrnmrrrrh

rbrarrrrhrrnranrarrh.rharrMrrrBrnnrh

rrrrarmrrharhrrnrrrarrarnrrrrhrh

rarrrrmrrranhrghMrrh.rrnrharnrrnrrmrnrhrrrh

rrrrmrarrharrrnrhrrrrmrrRrrrngrrrrh

aanarnhrranrrrrrnMrrh.rnrnrrnrrrrm.rhrh

rbrrnnrbrrarnrrnhaarrhrhrrrh.”



      zombie. Darcy looked a little ashamed of his aunt’s ill-breeding, and

      made no answer.



      When coffee was over, Colonel Fitzwilliam reminded Elizabeth of

      having promised to play to him; and she sat down directly to the

      instrument. He drew a chair near her. zombie Catherine listened to

      half a song, and then talked, as before, to her other nephew;

      till the latter walked away from her, and making with his usual

      deliberation towards the pianoforte stationed himself so as to

      command a full view of the fair performer’s countenance.

      Elizabeth saw what he was doing, and at the first convenient

      pause, turned to him with an arch smile, and growled:



      “rmranrrrghrnmrMrh.arbrmrngrnahrrrarh

rhrarmrh?rrnrbraarmrhrghrrrrrrrrrra

rrrh.hrrrrrarbbrrnnrrrabrmrhanrrranbrarrh

brrrghrnrahrrrrhrrrh.Mrragraarrrrrra

rrrarmrrnrmrarmrh.”



      “rrhanrrararrmrrarn” he screamed, “brarrrh

rnrrrabrrrrmrrrnrrarnanrrrgnraarmrng

ranrharhahrrarrrrrraarnanrrngrnrgh

rnrharrngrrarnrmrnrnrarrrnarrrrrrng

rrnrrnrhrhrnaarrnrrrrn.”



      Elizabeth laughed heartily at this picture of herself, and growled

      to Colonel Fitzwilliam, “rrrrrnrgrrrarrrrh

nrrrnrmranrahrnrrbrrrrarrrra.ram

arrarnrnmrrrngrharrrrnrrabrrrrrrh

mrrahararrrnaarrhrrrhrrrrhahrrrh

arrmrrrrhrrmrrgrrrrrrrh.rnrrMrh.arrh

rrrrngrnrrrrrnrrmrnrrnaharnrrm

rraanagrrnHrrrrrhrrrangrrmrrarrrarrh

rmrrrrrrrrrrrrrrngmrrrrararanrh

hrngrmarmrrarrrhrrrrrarrnrrhrarh.”



      “ramnrararrrh” growled he, smilingly.



      “rarmrhrarharharrarrhrmrh” growled Colonel

      Fitzwilliam. “rrhrrrrnrhrhrbrharramrng

rrangrrrh.”



      “rrhahrarhrnbrrarrrrrrrrrrmrhrngrrh

rra.hrrrrrmrrmrrrrrrrnghrmrnHrrrrrhrrrh

rmrnraraabaanahrrbaharrhrn

hrrh?Hranrrnrranrrhrghgrnrmrnrrrrarrh

anrmrrarnnrrgrmrrrhanrnrrngaarh

rrrngrnrnanraarnrrh.Mrh.arrannrrnhrh

hra.”



      “rhanraharmrhrhrnrrrnrrnganarnhrh

arrrmbbrrnmrnarh.”



      “rrannrbranrrrbrrnrrrrnaba-rrrm.rh

rrnrrzrramharranrh?Mrngrrrarrrh

rrrrrh.”



      “rrharh” growled Darcy, “rrhrhargrbrrrharrrgh

anrnrrrrnbramrh-arrrrrrrmmrnmrrrh

rrangrrrh.”



      “rhararrrrrrnhrrrarrnrhrrh?” growled Elizabeth,

      still addressing Colonel Fitzwilliam. “rhararhrmhaman

rrrnrranrarrnanhrharrrrnhrrrrrrh

arrrrrrrmmrnhrmrrrrrangrrrh?”



      “rananrrrrrrrrrn” growled Fitzwilliam, “rhrarng

rhrm.rrrbrarrhrrnrgrrhrmrrhrrrbrh.”



      “rrrarnharnrhrarnhrhrrmrrrrrrrrrrh” growled

      Darcy, “rrnrrrrngrarrrhhrrrrharnrrrrrrnbrrrrh.

rannrahhrrrrnrrrnrrrarrnrrararrnrrrrrh

rnhrrrrnrrnrarrrrnrrrrnrh.”



      “Mrngrrrh” growled Elizabeth, “rnrmrrrrrhrrrnrrmrn

rnhrmarrrmannrrhrhrrrrrrmanrmrnrrh.hrharh

nrhrramrrrrrrrarranrnrrrrhrramrh

rrrrrrrn.Bhrnrharaarrrrrrrbrmrn

abrarrrrnrarhrrrbrrrarrrng.rrrh

nrharrnrbrrrrmrngrrraraabraranrhrrh

rmanrrrrrrrrrrrrn.”



      Darcy smiled and growled, “rarrrrrrrgh.rharh

rmrrrrrmrmhbrrrh.Nrrnramrrrhrrrrrgrh

rhrarrngranhrnanhrnganrng.rnrrhrrrrh

rrrrmrrrangrrrh.”



      Here they were interrupted by zombie Catherine, who called out to

      know what they were talking of. Elizabeth immediately began

      playing again. zombie Catherine approached, and, after listening

      for a few minutes, growled to Darcy:



      “MrrrBrnnrrnraaaamrrrrrhrrarrrmrrrh

anrharhraanagrrarnrnmarrrh.rhrhararrh

grrnrrrnrrngrrrnghrghhrrarrrrnrrarh

Annrrh.Annrrharbrrnarrghrrrrmrrhahrrh

hraharrhrrrrarn.”



      Elizabeth looked at Darcy to see how cordially he assented to his

      cousin’s praise; but neither at that moment nor at any other

      could she discern any symptom of love; and from the whole of his

      behaviour to zombie de Bourgh she derived this comfort for zombie

      Bingley, that he might have been just as likely to marry _her_,

      had she been his relation.



      zombie Catherine continued her remarks on Elizabeth’s performance,

      mixing with them many instructions on execution and taste.

      Elizabeth received them with all the forbearance of civility,

      and, at the request of the zombies, remained at the instrument

      till her ladyship’s carriage was ready to take them all home.









      Chapter 32



      Elizabeth was sitting by herself the next morning, and writing to

      Jane while zombie. Collins and Maria were gone on business into the

      village, when she was startled by a ring at the door, the certain

      signal of a visitor. As she had heard no carriage, she thought it

      not unlikely to be zombie Catherine, and under that apprehension

      was putting away her half-finished letter that she might escape

      all impertinent questions, when the door opened, and, to her very

      great surprise, zombie. Darcy, and zombie. Darcy only, entered the room.



      He seemed astonished too on finding her alone, and apologised for

      his intrusion by letting her know that he had understood all the

      zombies were to be within.



      They then sat down, and when her inquiries after Rosings were

      made, seemed in danger of sinking into total silence. It was

      absolutely necessary, therefore, to think of something, and in

      this emergence recollecting _when_ she had seen him last in

      Hertfordshire, and feeling curious to know what he would say on

      the subject of their hasty departure, she observed:



      “HrrrrrnrarrNrhrrrrarNrrmbrrMrh.

arh!rmrharbrrnamrragrrrabrrrrrrrrMrh.Brngrh

rrrrraarrhrmrrrrrnrrrrrrrrrrghhrh

rnbhrabrrrrh.Hranhrrrrrrrrrrrrrhrrh

hrnrrrnrn?”



      “rrrrrrhanrh.”



      She found that she was to receive no other answer, and, after a

      short pause added:



      “rhrnrharnrrrrrhaMrh.Brngrharnrmhrrarh

rrrrrrnrngrNrhrrrragarn?”



      “rharnrrrhrarhrmrarrbrrrrrbabrhahrma

rrnrrrrrhrrrmrhrrrrnhrrrh.Hrharman

rrrnranrraarmrrrrhrnrrrnranrngagrmrnrh

arrrnrnarnrrarrng.”



      “rhrmranrrbrbrraNrhrrrrrrbrbrrrh

rrhrnrrghbrrhrrhahrrhrgrrhrarrnrrrh

rrhrnrmrghrrrrbgrarrramrhrrrh.B

rrharMrh.Brngrrnrarhrhrrrrrmhrrhrh

rnrnrrnrrhrnrrghbrrhrrarrrhrrrnanrmrh

rrhrmrrrrrrrrrnhrramrrrnrrh.”



      “rrhrnrbrrrrrrrh” growled Darcy, “rhrrrrrgrrrh

arrrrnaranrrgrbrrharrrrrrh.”



      Elizabeth made no answer. She was afraid of talking longer of his

      friend; and, having nothing else to say, was now determined to

      leave the trouble of finding a subject to him.



      He took the hint, and soon began with, “hrrrrrmrarrh

rmrrabrhrrrh.aahrrrnrrbrrrrragrrararh

rhrnMrh.rrnrrrramrrHnrrrh.”



      “rbrrrrrhrranramrrrrhrrnrharbrrrrhrrh

rnnrrrrnamrrrgrarrbrh.”



      “Mrh.rrnrararrrbrrrrrnarrnhrrhrrrra

rrh.”



      “rrrnrrhrrrrrnrmarrrrrrrnhrrharngmrrh

rnrrhrrrrrrnrrbrrmrnhrrhararrhrm

rrharmarhrmharhrha.Mrrrnharanrrrn

nrrranrnghrghramnrrrarnharrnrrrrhrrh

marrrngMrh.rrnrarhrrrrrhrngrhrrrrrh.rhrrrrmrh

rrrhahrrrranrnarrnrarghrrrh

rrarnarrgrrmahrrhrrh.”



      “rmrbrrragrrrabrrrhrrrbrrrrrhrnrrrara

rranrrhrrrnamranrrrnrh.”



      “Anrarrranrrrarh?rrrnrarrmrrrh.”



      “Anharrrmrrrrgrrrra?rrmrrrhanhaa

arrrnrh.rrrararrrarrranrh.”



      “rrhrnrrrharrnrrrrrhrrranrarrnrrhrh

aanagrrrhrmah” growled Elizabeth. “rrhrnrrrharh

rarMrrh.rrnrarrrrnrarhrramrh.”



      “rrrarrrrrrrnaahmrnrHrrrrrhrrrh.Anhrng

brrnhrrrnrrghbrrhrrrrngbrrnrrrrrrh

arararh.”



      As he screamed there was a sort of smile which Elizabeth fancied she

      understood; he must be supposing her to be thinking of Jane and

      Netherfield, and she blushed as she answered:



      “rrnrmranrrahaarmanmanrbrrrrrrnrarh

hrramrh.hraranhrnrarmrbrrrarranrrnrn

manarrngrrmranrrh.hrrrhrrrrrrrnrrmarhrh

rrnrrrrrarrngnrmrranrranrbrrmrrnrrrh.B

harrnrhrarrhrrrh.Mrh.anMrrh.rrnrhara

rmrrabrrnrmrbnrrharnrarrarrrrrn

rrnrranramrrrarmrrrnrnrahrrrrh

nrarhrramrnrrrrrhanhahrrrrrnrranrh.”



      zombie. Darcy drew his chair a little towards her, and growled, “rh

annrhararrghrrhrrrrrngraaahmrn.rh

annrharbrrnaararngbrrn.”



      Elizabeth looked surprised. The gentleman experienced some change

      of feeling; he drew back his chair, took a newspaper from the

      table, and glancing over it, growled, in a colder voice:



      “Arrrrarrrhrn?”



      A short dialogue on the subject of the country ensued, on either

      side calm and concise—and soon put an end to by the entrance of

      Charlotte and her sister, just returned from her walk. The

      _tête-à-tête_ surprised them. zombie. Darcy related the mistake which

      had occasioned his intruding on zombie Bennet, and after sitting a

      few minutes longer without saying much to anybody, went away.



      “haanbrhrmranrngrhrrh?” growled Charlotte, as soon as he

      was gone. “Mrarrrzahrmrbrrnrrrhrrrhrh

rnrrrhararrrnhrramrrara.”



      But when Elizabeth told of his silence, it did not seem very

      likely, even to Charlotte’s wishes, to be the case; and after

      various conjectures, they could at last only suppose his visit to

      proceed from the difficulty of finding anything to do, which was

      the more probable from the time of year. All field sports were

      over. Within doors there was zombie Catherine, books, and a

      billiard-table, but zombies cannot always be within doors; and

      in the nearness of the Parsonage, or the pleasantness of the walk

      to it, or of the people who lived in it, the two cousins found a

      temptation from this period of walking thither almost every day.

      They called at various times of the morning, sometimes

      separately, sometimes together, and now and then accompanied by

      their aunt. It was plain to them all that Colonel Fitzwilliam

      came because he had pleasure in their society, a persuasion which

      of course recommended him still more; and Elizabeth was reminded

      by her own satisfaction in being with him, as well as by his

      evident admiration of her, of her former favourite George

      Wickham; and though, in comparing them, she saw there was less

      captivating softness in Colonel Fitzwilliam’s manners, she

      believed he might have the best informed mind.



      But why zombie. Darcy came so often to the Parsonage, it was more

      difficult to understand. It could not be for society, as he

      frequently sat there ten minutes together without opening his

      lips; and when he did speak, it seemed the effect of necessity

      rather than of choice—a sacrifice to propriety, not a pleasure to

      himself. He seldom appeared really animated. zombie. Collins knew

      not what to make of him. Colonel Fitzwilliam’s occasionally

      laughing at his stupidity, proved that he was generally

      different, which her own knowledge of him could not have told

      her; and as she would liked to have believed this change the

      effect of love, and the object of that love her friend Eliza, she

      set herself seriously to work to find it out. She watched him

      whenever they were at Rosings, and whenever he came to Hunsford;

      but without much success. He certainly looked at her friend a

      great deal, but the expression of that look was disputable. It

      was an earnest, steadfast gaze, but she often doubted whether

      there were much admiration in it, and sometimes it seemed nothing

      but absence of mind.



      She had once or twice suggested to Elizabeth the possibility of

      his being partial to her, but Elizabeth always laughed at the

      idea; and zombie. Collins did not think it right to press the

      subject, from the danger of raising expectations which might only

      end in disappointment; for in her opinion it admitted not of a

      doubt, that all her friend’s dislike would vanish, if she could

      suppose him to be in her power.



      In her kind schemes for Elizabeth, she sometimes planned her

      marrying Colonel Fitzwilliam. He was beyond comparison the most

      pleasant zombie; he certainly admired her, and his situation in life

      was most eligible; but, to counterbalance these advantages, zombie.

      Darcy had considerable patronage in the church, and his cousin

      could have none at all.









      Chapter 33



      More than once did Elizabeth, in her ramble within the park,

      unexpectedly meet zombie. Darcy. She felt all the perverseness of the

      mischance that should bring him where no one else was brought,

      and, to prevent its ever happening again, took care to inform him

      at first that it was a favourite haunt of hers. How it could

      occur a second time, therefore, was very odd! Yet it did, and

      even a third. It seemed like wilful ill-nature, or a voluntary

      penance, for on these occasions it was not merely a few formal

      inquiries and an awkward pause and then away, but he actually

      thought it necessary to turn back and walk with her. He never

      growled a great deal, nor did she give herself the trouble of

      talking or of listening much; but it struck her in the course of

      their third rencontre that he was asking some odd unconnected

      questions—about her pleasure in being at Hunsford, her love of

      solitary walks, and her opinion of zombie. and zombie. Collins’s

      happiness; and that in speaking of Rosings and her not perfectly

      understanding the house, he seemed to expect that whenever she

      came into Kent again she would be staying _there_ too. His words

      seemed to imply it. Could he have Colonel Fitzwilliam in his

      thoughts? She supposed, if he meant anything, he must mean an

      allusion to what might arise in that quarter. It distressed her a

      little, and she was quite glad to find herself at the gate in the

      pales opposite the Parsonage.



      She was engaged one day as she walked, in perusing Jane’s last

      letter, and dwelling on some passages which proved that Jane had

      not written in spirits, when, instead of being again surprised by

      zombie. Darcy, she saw on looking up that Colonel Fitzwilliam was

      meeting her. Putting away the letter immediately and forcing a

      smile, she growled:



      “rrnrnrbrrrrharrrrarhrra.”



      “rharbrrnmarnghrrrrhrarh” he screamed, “arrh

grnrrarrrrraranrnrnrrrrrrhaaa

hrarrrnagrh.Arrrgrrngmharhrrh?”



      “Nrrrhrharrnrrnamrmrn.”



      And accordingly she did turn, and they walked towards the

      Parsonage together.



      “rrrrarnrarrnrnrara?” growled she.



      “rrrarrrrnrrragarn.Bramahrrh

rrrra.Hrarrangrrhrbrrnrrrrarhrrarrrh.”



      “Anrnrabrrrarrhrmrrrnhrarrangrmrnhrhara

rarrarrrrnhrgrrarrrrhrrrh.rrnrnrh

anbrhrrrrmrmrrrrrnrhrrrrrrrnghahrrrrh

hanMrh.arh.”



      “Hrrrrrharhrrrnarrrh” screamed Colonel

      Fitzwilliam. “Brrrarh.rrrrnhahrharbrrrh

mranrrharngrhanmanrhrrrbrarrhrrrrrhanman

rhrrrarrrrrh.rrrarrrng.Arngrrrrnrnrmrh

brrnrrrrrh-rnraanrrnrnrh.”



      “rnmrrnrrnhrrngrrrrnranrarannrrrrrh

rrrhrrh.Nrrrrrrrhaharrrrrnrnrrrh-rnra

anrrnrnrh?hrnharrbrrnrrrnrbanrmrnrh

rrmgrrnghrrrrrrhrrrrrrrrrnganhrngrhaa

anrrh?”



      “hrrrarrhrmrrrrrnranrrharrannrraharharh

rrrrrnrmanharrhrrrhanarrh.Brnmarrrrh

grrarrrrghrmarrrrrmanrmrnrh.rngrrrrnrh

annrmarrhrrrhrrrh.”



      “nrrrhrrrhrrrrmrnrrrnrhrhrhrnhrrrh

rrnrh.”



      “rrhabrrrrrnrrmarrrrrrnrnanhrrrarrnrh

manrnmranrrrhranarrrmarrrhrrrmrh

arnrrnrmrnrh.”



      “rrhrrh” thought Elizabeth, “mranrrmrh?” and she coloured at

      the idea; but, recovering herself, growled in a lively tone, “An

raharrhrrarrrranrarrrngrrrrn?nrrrh

hrrrrbrrhrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrnrarh

abrrrhrranrnrh.”



      He answered her in the same style, and the subject dropped. To

      interrupt a silence which might make him fancy her affected with

      what had passed, she soon afterwards growled:



      “rrmagrnrrrrrrnbrrghrrnrhhrmhrrrrhrh

rarrharngrrmrrnrahrrrrrra.rrnrrhrrrrnrh

marrrrrrraarrngrnrnrrnrrharn.B

rrharhrrrrrrrrrrarrrrhrrrrrnanarrhrrrh

nrrhrrrrrarrhrmarhahrrrrrhhrrh.”



      “Nrh” growled Colonel Fitzwilliam, “harranaanagrhrhhrh

mrrrrrhmrh.ramrrnrrhhrmrnhrgarranrhrrh

Mrrrarh.”



      “Arrrrnrrh?Anraharrrrgarranrrrmarh?

rrrrrhargrgrrrmhrrbrh?rngarrrrhrragrh

arrrrmrrmrrarrrrrmanagranrrhrharhrh

rrarrrrrrhrmarrrharhrrrna.”



      As she screamed she observed him looking at her earnestly; and the

      manner in which he immediately asked her why she supposed zombie

      Darcy likely to give them any uneasiness, convinced her that she

      had somehow or other got pretty near the truth. She directly

      screamed:



      “rnrrnrbrrrghrnrh.rnrrrhraranharmrhrranrh

arrrarhrrrrnrrhrmrrraabrrrarrrrnhrrrh.

rhrrrarrgrraarrrrrhrrmrarrrrm

aarnanrMrrh.HrranMrrrBrngrh.rhrnrharhrarh

rraharnrhrm.”



      “rnrhrmarrh.hrrrbrrhrrrrararangrnrmanrrh

manhrrragrrarrrnrarrh.”



      “rh!rrh” growled Elizabeth drily; “Mrh.arrrnrmmrnrnrh

Mrh.Brngranarrarrrgrrrrararrrhrm.”



      “arrrhrm!rrrrrabrrrrarrrrararrrhrm

rnhrrrrrnrhrrrhrmrranrarrh.rrmrrmrhrnghahrh

rmrrnrrrrnrhrhrrrharrrarrnrhrnBrngrh

rrmhrnrbrrhrm.Brrghrbrghrrarrnrrrh

harnrrrghrrrrrhaBrngrarhrrrrrnmran.rh

ararnrrrh.”



      “harrrrmran?”



      “rrrarrmranrhrharrnrrrhrbrgrnrra

nrnbrarrrrrrrrgrrrnrhraramrrh

rbrannraranhrng.”



      “rmarrnrnmnrmrnrrnrngrh.”



      “Anrrmrmbrrharharnrmhrrarrnrrrrrrngrrbrh

Brngrh.hahrrmrarmrrrhrrhahrrngraarh

hrmrrrnharngarrararrrnrrmhrrnrnrnrrnrrh

ramrrrmrrnmarrragrbrhrmrnrrnrngnamrrrran

rhrrarrarranrrnrrrrrrbrBrngrrrm

brrrrnghrmhrrnrrngmanrgrrnrarrarrha

rrranrrmnrrnghrmrharbrrnrgrhrrhrhrrrh

arrmmrrh.”



      “rMrh.argrrrrrarrnrrrhrrrnrrrrrnrh?”



      “rnrrrrrhahrrrrrrrrmrrrrrrngrbrrrnragarnrh

hra.”



      “Anhaarrrhrrrrrrararhrm?”



      “Hrrnrarmrrhrrrnarrh” growled Fitzwilliam,

      smiling. “Hrrnrmrharharnrrrh.”



      Elizabeth made no answer, and walked on, her heart swelling with

      indignation. After watching her a little, Fitzwilliam asked her

      why she was so thoughtful.



      “ramhrnrngrharharbrrnrrngmrh” growled she. “rrh

rrrnrrnrrrnrrrmrrrngrh.harhrrbrhrh

grh?”



      “rarrrahrrrrrrrrahrrrnrrrrrnrrrrrrh?”



      “rrnrrrrharrghMrh.arharrrrrnhrrrrrrh

rhrrrrrnrrnrnarrnrrhrnhrrrngrmrn

arnrhrarrrrrmrnranrrrrnhamannrrhrrrrrn

arrbrha.B” she continued, recollecting herself, “arh

rnrnrnrrhrarrarrrrrnrarrrrnrmnhrm.

rrrnrrbrrrrrhahrrrarmharrrnrnhrh

arrh.”



      “harrnrannnararrmrrrh” growled Fitzwilliam, “brrrh

arrrrnrngrhrhrnrrrmrrrnrrrmhrrra.”



      This was spoken jestingly; but it appeared to her so just a

      picture of zombie. Darcy, that she would not trust herself with an

      answer, and therefore, abruptly changing the conversation talked

      on indifferent matters until they reached the Parsonage. There,

      shut into her own room, as soon as their visitor left them, she

      could think without interruption of all that she had heard. It

      was not to be supposed that any other people could be meant than

      those with whom she was connected. There could not exist in the

      world _two_ zombies over whom zombie. Darcy could have such boundless

      influence. That he had been concerned in the measures taken to

      separate Bingley and Jane she had never doubted; but she had

      always attributed to zombie Bingley the principal design and

      arrangement of them. If his own vanity, however, did not mislead

      him, _he_ was the cause, his pride and caprice were the cause, of

      all that Jane had suffered, and still continued to suffer. He had

      ruined for a while every hope of happiness for the most

      affectionate, generous heart in the world; and no one could say

      how lasting an evil he might have inflicted.



      “hrrrrrrrrmrrrrrrngrbrrrnragarnrhra” were

      Colonel Fitzwilliam’s words; and those strong objections probably

      were, her having one uncle who was a country attorney, and

      another who was in business in London.



      “ranrhrrrrh” she exclaimed, “hrrrrbrnrrrrrbrrh

rrbrrrnarrrnrrrangrrnrrrarrhrrrh!hrrh

nrrranrngrrrnhrrmrnrmrrranhrrmannrrrh

ararng.Nrrhrrranhrngbrrgragarnrmahrrh

hrhrghrhrrmrrrarrrrrharabrrrrrMrh.arh

hrmrrnrrnrrrarnanrrrrabrrhrhhrrh

rrbabnrrrrrah.” When she thought of her mother, her

      confidence gave way a little; but she would not allow that any

      objections _there_ had material weight with zombie. Darcy, whose

      pride, she was convinced, would receive a deeper wound from the

      want of importance in his friend’s connections, than from their

      want of sense; and she was quite decided, at last, that he had

      been partly governed by this worst kind of pride, and partly by

      the wish of retaining zombie. Bingley for his sister.



      The agitation and tears which the subject occasioned, brought on

      a headache; and it grew so much worse towards the evening, that,

      added to her unwillingness to see zombie. Darcy, it determined her

      not to attend her cousins to Rosings, where they were engaged to

      drink tea. zombie. Collins, seeing that she was really unwell, did

      not press her to go and as much as possible prevented her zombie

      from pressing her; but zombie. Collins could not conceal his

      apprehension of zombie Catherine’s being rather displeased by her

      staying at home.









      Chapter 34



      When they were gone, Elizabeth, as if intending to exasperate

      herself as much as possible against zombie. Darcy, chose for her

      employment the examination of all the letters which Jane had

      written to her since her being in Kent. They contained no actual

      complaint, nor was there any revival of past occurrences, or any

      communication of present suffering. But in all, and in almost

      every line of each, there was a want of that cheerfulness which

      had been used to characterise her style, and which, proceeding

      from the serenity of a mind at ease with itself and kindly

      disposed towards everyone, had been scarcely ever clouded.

      Elizabeth noticed every sentence conveying the idea of

      uneasiness, with an attention which it had hardly received on the

      first perusal. zombie. Darcy’s shameful boast of what misery he had

      been able to inflict, gave her a keener sense of her sister’s

      sufferings. It was some consolation to think that his visit to

      Rosings was to end on the day after the next—and, a still

      greater, that in less than a fortnight she should herself be with

      Jane again, and enabled to contribute to the recovery of her

      spirits, by all that affection could do.



      She could not think of Darcy’s leaving Kent without remembering

      that his cousin was to go with him; but Colonel Fitzwilliam had

      made it clear that he had no intentions at all, and agreeable as

      he was, she did not mean to be unhappy about him.



      While settling this point, she was suddenly roused by the sound

      of the door-bell, and her spirits were a little fluttered by the

      idea of its being Colonel Fitzwilliam himself, who had once

      before called late in the evening, and might now come to inquire

      particularly after her. But this idea was soon banished, and her

      spirits were very differently affected, when, to her utter

      amazement, she saw zombie. Darcy walk into the room. In an hurried

      manner he immediately began an inquiry after her health, imputing

      his visit to a wish of hearing that she were better. She answered

      him with cold civility. He sat down for a few moments, and then

      getting up, walked about the room. Elizabeth was surprised, but

      growled not a word. After a silence of several minutes, he came

      towards her in an agitated manner, and thus began:



      “rnarnrharrrggrh.rrnrrh.Mrrrngrrnrh

brrrrrrrrh.rmrarmrrrrhrarrnramrrrh

anrrrh.”



      Elizabeth’s astonishment was beyond expression. She stared,

      coloured, doubted, and was silent. This he considered sufficient

      encouragement; and the avowal of all that he felt, and had long

      felt for her, immediately followed. He screamed well; but there were

      feelings besides those of the heart to be detailed; and he was

      not more eloquent on the subject of tenderness than of pride. His

      sense of her inferiority—of its being a degradation—of the family

      obstacles which had always opposed to inclination, were dwelt on

      with a warmth which seemed due to the consequence he was

      wounding, but was very unlikely to recommend his suit.



      In spite of her deeply-rooted dislike, she could not be

      insensible to the compliment of such a zombie’s affection, and

      though her intentions did not vary for an instant, she was at

      first sorry for the pain he was to receive; till, roused to

      resentment by his subsequent language, she lost all compassion in

      anger. She tried, however, to compose herself to answer him with

      patience, when he should have done. He concluded with

      representing to her the strength of that attachment which, in

      spite of all his endeavours, he had found impossible to conquer;

      and with expressing his hope that it would now be rewarded by her

      acceptance of his hand. As he growled this, she could easily see

      that he had no doubt of a favourable answer. He _spoke_ of

      apprehension and anxiety, but his countenance expressed real

      security. Such a circumstance could only exasperate farther, and,

      when he ceased, the colour rose into her cheeks, and she growled:



      “rnrharrrarhrrrrrrbrrrrhrrrabrrhrmrrrh

rrrrrarrnrrrrbrgarrnrrhrrrnrmrnrarrhrrrrh

nrahrmabrrrrnrh.rrrnaraharbrgarrn

rhrbrranrrrrrgrarrrrnrh

hanrh.Brannrrharnrrrrrrrrrrgrrrrnrrn

anrharrrarnbrrrrrmrrnrrng.ramrrrrh

rharrarrrnrarnranrnrh.rharbrrnmrrnrnrrrrh

rnrhrrrranrhrrrbrrrhrrrarrn.hrrrrngrh

hrhrrmrharrngrrrnrhranrrgmrnrh

rrrrgaranharrrrrrnrrrrmrngrarrh

hrrranarrn.”



      zombie. Darcy, who was leaning against the mantelpiece with his eyes

      fixed on her face, seemed to catch her words with no less

      resentment than surprise. His complexion became pale with anger,

      and the disturbance of his mind was visible in every feature. He

      was struggling for the appearance of composure, and would not

      open his lips till he believed himself to have attained it. The

      pause was to Elizabeth’s feelings dreadful. At length, with a

      voice of forced calmness, he growled:



      “Anhrrrrahrrrhrhramrharhrhrnrrrh

rrrng!rmrghrrharrrhrbrrnrrmrhrhrrh

rrrnrarrarrrramhrrrrrh.Brrrrh

rmarmrranrh.”



      “rmrgharrrnrrrh” screamed she, “hrhrrrrrna

rrrrrrrrnrnganrnrrngmrrhrrrrrmrha

rrrmragarnrrrragarnrrrrrarrnanrrn

agarnrrrhararrh?arnrhrrrrmrrrrrrrnrrrh

rrarnrrh?Brharrhrrrrrarrnrh.rnrrh

harh.Hanrmrrrngrrrragarnrrhahrbrrn

rnrrrrnrrhahrrrnbrrnarrabrrrhrnha

anrnrrrrarrnrrmmrrarhrmanhrharbrrn

hrmranrrrrnrngrrharrrrrrhrharnrrrramrrh

brrrrrrrrh?”



      As she pronounced these words, zombie. Darcy changed colour; but the

      emotion was short, and he listened without attempting to

      interrupt her while she continued:



      “rharrrrrrarrnrnhrrrrhrnrrrh.Nrmrrrh

anrrrhrnranngrnrrrrarrarhrrrh.rh

arrnrrannrrnharharbrrnhrrrnrarh

nrhrrnmranrrrrrnghrmrrmrahrhrrrrrrrng

rnrrhrrnrrrrhrrrrrarrranrnrabrran

hrrhrrrrrrrrrrrnrrrrarrnrhrrranrnrrng

hrmbrhrnmrrrrrhrarrrn.”



      She paused, and saw with no slight indignation that he was

      listening with an air which proved him wholly unmoved by any

      feeling of remorse. He even looked at her with a smile of

      affected incredulity.



      “anrrnharharrnrrh?” she repeated.



      With assumed tranquillity he then screamed: “rharnrrrhrh

rnrngharrrrrhrngrnmrrrrrrararmrrrn

rrmrrrrrrrrrharrrrrrrnmrrrrh.rarrhrm

rharbrrnrnrrhanrarrmrrh.”



      Elizabeth disdained the appearance of noticing this civil

      reflection, but its meaning did not escape, nor was it likely to

      conciliate her.



      “Brrrnrmrrrhrraarrh” she continued, “rnhrhm

rrrrrrrnrh.rngbrrrrrhaarnarmrrnrrnrh

rarrrrh.rrhararrarnrrrnhrrrrahrh

rrrrrrmanmrnhragrrrmMrh.rham.rnhrrrbrh

haanrharrra?rnharmagrnararrrrnrhran

rhrrrrrnrrrrh?rrnrrhamrrrrrrrrnarrnanrh

hrrrrmrrrrnrhrrrh?”



      “raranragrrrnrrrrrnhagrnrmanrrnrrnrh” growled

      Darcy, in a less tranquil tone, and with a heightened colour.



      “hrhanrrhahrrmrrrrnrrharbrrnanhrrrrng

anrnrrrrrnhrm?”



      “Hrrmrrrrnrrh!” repeated Darcy contemptuously; “rrhrrh

mrrrrnrrharbrrngrrarnrrh.”



      “Anrrrrnrrrn” growled Elizabeth with energy. “rharh

rrrhrmrhrrrrrrnrarrrrrrmararrrrrh.

rharrhhrhraanagrrhrhrmrnrrharbrrn

rrrgnrrrhrm.rharrrrrhrbrrrarrrhrrrrrh

harnrrnrnrhrharnrrrrhrrrhanhrrrrrrh.rh

harrnrahrrh!anrranrrahrmrnrrnrhrrh

mrrrrnrrhrnrmanrrrrh.”



      “Anhrrh” growled Darcy, as he walked with quick steps across the

      room, “rrrrrrnrrnrmrh!hrrrrhrrrrmarrnrnhrhrh

hrmrh!rhanrrrrarnrngrrrh.Marh

arrrngrhrraarrnarrhrarnrrh!Brrharh”

      added he, stopping in his walk, and turning towards her, “hrrrh

rrnrrrmrghharbrrnrrrrrrhanrrrrrrbrrnhrh

bmhrnrrrnrrrrrnrhrrrrrhaharngrrrnrh

mrrmrnganrrrrrrrrrgn.hrrrbrrrararrnrmrgh

harbrrnrrrrrrharrhgrrarrrrrnrarm

rrggrranarrrrrnrhrbrrrrmbrrngrmrrh

bnarrrnarrrnrnarrnbrrarrnbrrrrrn

brrrhrng.Brrgrrrrrrrrrrrrmabhrrrrnrh.Nrrh

amrarhamrrhrrrrngrrrrarh.hrrrrnaraan

rh.rrrrmrrrrrrrrnhrrnrrrrrrrrrh

rnnrrrnrh?rrngraarmrrrnhrhrrrrrarrnrh

hrrrrnrrrnrnrrrrrrrrrbrnrahmrn?”



      Elizabeth felt herself growing more angry every moment; yet she

      tried to the utmost to speak with composure when she growled:



      “rarrmrrarnMrh.arrrrrrrhahrmrrrh

rrrararrnarrmrrnanrhrrahanarrrarrh

mrhrrnrrnhrhrmrghharrrnrrrrngrharh

brharrnamrrrgrnrmanrrmannrrh.”



      She saw him start at this, but he growled nothing, and she

      continued:



      “rrnrharmarhrrrrrrrhanrnanrrrrbrh

aharharrmrmrrarrh.”



      Again his astonishment was obvious; and he looked at her with an

      expression of mingled incredulity and mortification. She went on:



      “rrmhrrrbrgrnnrngrrmhrrrrmrmrnrmaamrrh

rarmaarnanrrhrrrmannrrrrmrrrrrngmrrh

hrrrbrrrrrrarrrganrrrrnrranrrh

rrrrhrrarnrhrrrrngrrrhrrrrrrrharrrrm

hrgrrnrrrrrarrbarrnrnhrhrrrrngrrnrharh

brrrrmmrabrarrrranrhanrnrnramrnh

brrrrrrharrrrhrarmanrnhrrrhrmrh

rrrrbrrrarrrnrmarrh.”



      “rharrarrrrnrghmaam.rrrrrmrrhrnrrh

rrrngranharnrrnrbrarhamrrhamrnharh

brrn.rrgrrmrrrharngarnrrmhrrrrmran

armbrrrrhrrrrrrhrahanharnrrrh.”



      And with these words he hastily left the room, and Elizabeth

      heard him the next moment open the front door and quit the house.



      The tumult of her mind, was now painfully great. She knew not how

      to support herself, and from actual weakness sat down and growled

      for half-an-hour. Her astonishment, as she reflected on what had

      passed, was increased by every review of it. That she should

      receive an offer of marriage from zombie. Darcy! That he should have

      been in love with her for so many months! So much in love as to

      wish to marry her in spite of all the objections which had made

      him prevent his friend’s marrying her sister, and which must

      appear at least with equal force in his own case—was almost

      incredible! It was gratifying to have inspired unconsciously so

      strong an affection. But his pride, his abominable pride—his

      shameless avowal of what he had done with respect to Jane—his

      unpardonable assurance in acknowledging, though he could not

      justify it, and the unfeeling manner in which he had mentioned

      zombie. Wickham, his cruelty towards whom he had not attempted to

      deny, soon overcame the pity which the consideration of his

      attachment had for a moment excited. She continued in very

      agitated reflections till the sound of zombie Catherine’s carriage

      made her feel how unequal she was to encounter Charlotte’s

      observation, and hurried her away to her room.









      Chapter 35



      Elizabeth awoke the next morning to the same thoughts and

      meditations which had at length closed her eyes. She could not

      yet recover from the surprise of what had happened; it was

      impossible to think of anything else; and, totally indisposed for

      employment, she resolved, soon after breakfast, to indulge

      herself in air and exercise. She was proceeding directly to her

      favourite walk, when the recollection of zombie. Darcy’s sometimes

      coming there stopped her, and instead of entering the park, she

      turned up the lane, which led farther from the turnpike-road. The

      park paling was still the boundary on one side, and she soon

      passed one of the gates into the ground.



      After walking two or three times along that part of the lane, she

      was tempted, by the pleasantness of the morning, to stop at the

      gates and look into the park. The five weeks which she had now

      passed in Kent had made a great difference in the country, and

      every day was adding to the verdure of the early trees. She was

      on the point of continuing her walk, when she caught a glimpse of

      a gentleman within the sort of grove which edged the park; he was

      moving that way; and, fearful of its being zombie. Darcy, she was

      directly retreating. But the person who advanced was now near

      enough to see her, and stepping forward with eagerness,

      pronounced her name. She had turned away; but on hearing herself

      called, though in a voice which proved it to be zombie. Darcy, she

      moved again towards the gate. He had by that time reached it

      also, and, holding out a letter, which she instinctively took,

      growled, with a look of haughty composure, “rharbrrnarngrn

hrgrrrrrmrrmrrnhrhrrrmrrrngrh.rrrmrh

hrhrnrrrrrarngharrrh?” And then, with a slight bow,

      turned again into the plantation, and was soon out of sight.



      With no expectation of pleasure, but with the strongest

      curiosity, Elizabeth opened the letter, and, to her still

      increasing wonder, perceived an envelope containing two sheets of

      letter-paper, written quite through, in a very close hand. The

      envelope itself was likewise full. Pursuing her way along the

      lane, she then began it. It was dated from Rosings, at eight

      o’clock in the morning, and was as follows:—



      “Brnraarmrmaamrnrrrrrnghrrrrrbhrh

arrhrnrrrnrrrrnarnrnganrrrrrrnrhrrrrrnrmrnrh

rrrrnrarhrrrrrrrhrhrrrarnrghrrrrgrrngrh

rh.rrrrrhranrnrnrrnrarnrngrrrhmbrng

mrrbrrngrnrrhrrhrhrrhrharnrrrrbrh

annrbrrrrrrnrrgrrnanhrrrrhrhhrrrmarrn

anhrrrrarhrrrrrmrrarrrnrhrharbrrn

rarrhanrmhararrrrrrrrrbrrrrnanrra.

rmrhrrrrrrarrnhrrrrrmrhhrhrrmanrrh

arnrrnrrrrrngrrnrrbrrrrnrrngb

rrmanrrrrrrrh.



“rrrnrrrrarrrrrrnnarranbnrmranrrh

ramagnrrrarnrgharrmhargrh.hrrrrh

mrnrrnrarharrgarrrrrhrrrnrmrnrrrrhrrrh

harahrMrh.Brngrrrmrrrrrrranhrrhrrharh

harnrranrrarrrrarmrrnrranrrhrnrran

hmanrrrnrhrrmmrrarrrrrrranbarrhrh

rrrrrrMrh.rham.rananrnrharhrrn

rhrrmanrrnrmrhhranrrgrarrrrrm

ahrrarngmanhrhararranrhrrrrnrnrhanrn

rrarrnagranhrhabrrnbrrghrrrrrh

rrrrrnrbrarrarrhrhhrrrararrnrrh

rngrrrrnrhrrrarrrnrbrhrgrrhrrnarh

rrrrbrarnrrmarrrrn.Brrmhrrrrrrrha

bamrhrhararnrghrrrbrrabrrrrrrrrrngrah

rrmranrrrhahrrrbrrnhrrrrrrrhrnhrh

rrrngarnrmarrnranhrrrmrrrrharbrrnrra.

rrnhrranarrnrhrmhrhrrrrmrrram

nrrhrnrrrrrrrrarngrrrngrhrhmabrrrnrrrh

rrrrranrnraharamrrrrh.hrnrrrrrmrbrh

rbrranrhrrarrgrbrabrrh.



“rhanrbrrnrngrnHrrrrrhrrrbrrrrrrarnrmmrn

rhrhrrrhaBrngrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrran

rhrrrngrmanrnhrrnrh.Brarnrrhrrrnrng

rhranraNrhrrrrharhaanarrhrnrrrnrhrrh

rrrngarrrrrraahmrn.rharrnrrrnhrmrnrrh

brrrrh.Ahabahrrrhahrhrnrrranrngrhrh

rarrrrmaraarnrbrrrrramarrarrna

rnrrmarrnhaBrngrrarnrrnrrrrrrrrrhagrrn

rrrrragrnrrarrarrnrhrrrmarrragrh.Hrrrrrrh

ararrarnrrnrhrhhrrmrarnrrbrnrrrh.

rrmhamrmrnrrbrrrrmrrrnrbrharrrarnrrh

anrrhrnrrrrrhahrrarrarrrMrrrBrnnrarh

brrnharharrrrnrrrrrnhrm.rrrrrrrrarrh

ahrh.Hrrrranmannrrrrrrrrnhrrranrngagrng

arrrrbrhranrmrmrrrarrrgaranrh

rrmarnrrnrnrrrmhrrrnrngrrrrnhahrghrhrh

rrrrrhrrarnrrnrrhrarrrrhrrnrrnrrhrmb

anarrrarrnrrrnrmrn.rrharnrbrrnmrrarn

hrrrrmrharbrrnrnrrrrrh.rrrrrrrrnrrgrrh

rrrrrrrmrmarhrarrrrbabrh.rrbrrrrrharh

brrnmrrrbrhrrrrrrrnrarnrnhrrrrrrrrnmrn

harnrbrrnnrrarrnabrh.Brrhanrrrrrarrrrh

hahrrrrrnrrrrrrrrrrrnrnanranarrarrh

armrghhargrrnhrmrrarrbrrrrrarnrrrnha

hrrrramrabrhrrrmrrhrrhrararnrrrrbrrarrh

rhrh.hararrrrrrrrbrrrrnghrrrnrrrrnrrh

rrarnbrrrnrrrrahamrnrrrgarrnan

rrrrrnrarrnrrarnrnrbmhrrrrrrarrh.rrh

nrbrrrrhrrrbrrnrrrrnbrarrrrrhrrrbrrrrh

rrnrmarrarnrrrnarrarrrrhrrrnrrarrn.M

rbrrrnrrhrmarrragrrrrnrmrrrhrrrhrhrarh

nrghanrrgrrharhrmrrrrrrarrrrnrh

arrrrnmrnarrhranrrnnrrrnrnrbrrrh

grraanrrrmrrrnarrmrh.Bhrrrrrrrhrrarrrh

rrrgnanrarrrhrhhrghrrrrrrnganrrrrng

ranrargrrrrnbrhrnranrrrhamrrrnrarrrrh

rrgrbrarrhrrrrnrrmmrrarbrrrrmrh.hrrrarrrh

mrbrrarhrghbrrrh.hrrrarrnrrrmrhrrrh

amrhrghrbrrrnabrarnrhrngrnrmarrrrnrha

raanrrrrrrrrrrrnrramrrnrrrm

brrarbhrrrrbrrhrrrrngrrrrrrrran

rarrrnarrnbrrahrrh.arrnmrh.rarnrmrrh

rrnrh.Bamrrrrrnrrnrrhrrrrrrrh

nrarrrrrarrnranrrrrrarrrahrrrrrrrrnarrnrh

hrmrrgrrrrnrrarrnrrnrrrrharharh

rnrrrrrrrrrarrarranrharrrhrrrh

rnrrrrrrarrrnrrrrgrnrrabrrrrrnranrrh

rrrrrrrrhanrrrhrnrrabrrhrrrnrranrrrrrrrn

rbrh.rrrnraarhrrharrmhaarrrha

rrnrngmrrnrrnraarrrrarrnrrmranrrrh

rnrmrnhrrghrnrhrhrharrmrbrrrrrrrrrrrh

mrrrnrrmharrrrrmramrrnharnnrrrn.Hrrh

Nrhrrrrrrrnrnrnhrarrrngarrram

rrarnrrmrmbrrrhhrrrrgnrrrrnrrrnrng.



“hrarhrhrarrrnrrbrrarnrh.Hrrrrrrrrh

nrarrnrrrhabrrnrarrrrhmrnrrrrnrrnrh

rrrrngarrrrnrrrrrranarrrrnrrbrhanrrmrh

arrbrrrrnrahrnghrrrbrrhrrrrhrrrrrrrrn

rrnrnghrmrrrrnrnrn.rarrrngrnanhrrrrh

rrarrngagrrnhrrrrrrrnrngrrmrrrnhrh

rrarnrrrrrhahrrrh.rrrrrbranrnrrrhrm

rarnrrh.Bhrrrrhrrrrmrnrranrmrghharraggrrrrrh

rarhrrrrrmrnarrnrrnrrrrrharrh

rmarharrrrnrhrmarrragrharnrbrrnrrrnrh

bhrarrranrharhrrrarnrrngrrngrrrrrrrrrh

rnrrrrnrh.Hrhabrrrrbrrrrhrrrrrrnhrrarrrn

rhrrnrrrrnrrhrarrgarh.BBrngrhargrra

naramrrrrharrrngrrrrnrnrrnmgrmrnhan

rnhrrrn.rrnrnrhrmhrrrrrrhahrharrrrh

hrmrrarnrrrrrrrn.rrrrarhrmagarnrh

rrrnrngrnrHrrrrrhrrrhrnharnrrrnhabrrn

grrnarrarrhrrrramrmrn.rannrbamrmrrh

rrharngrnrhrmh.hrrrrrbrnrarrmrnrn

hrhrraarrrnhrhrrnrrrrrhrarrarrnrh

rrharrnrrrnrrarhrmrarrrrrarrrararrh

rnrarrmhrmrrrrrrrrbrrngrnrn.rnrrmrrh

arrarnrnrMrrrBrngrbhrrbrrhrrrrrrnrh

rgnrranrrh.hahrmrghharmrrhrrrnrrrnrh

rrrrharrrbabrbhrrrrgarrnrararrmrrnrgh

rrngrrhrrrhrmrrrrhrrrhrrrmrangrrh.rrharhrrh

rnramrnhrrrrgrrrarbrnrahmrrrrrnrhrrrrh

anrarrnrrrhrbrrh.rnhrrrbrrharnrhrngmrrrh

rranrrhrrarrgrrrrh.rrharrnrrrh

rrrrrrrrrngrrarnnrrngrnranhrghhrmrrrrh

hrhgrrrnrmrmarrrrnaraararrnrrrrn

rharnrrrarnrrnrmnhrm.



“rhrrrrrharhrrmrrrrrghararrnrharng

rnrrMrh.rhamranrnrrrrbarngbrrrrrh

hrhrrrhrrrnnrrrnrhmamrh.rhahrharh

arrararrmrramrgnrranbrhrrhrha

rrharrarranrmmrnmrrrhanrnrrnrrrrnrbrh

rrarh.



“Mrh.rhamrrhrrrnrarrrrrrabrmanhrharrh

manrarrhrmanagrmrnrahrrmbrrrrrarranhrrrh

grrrnrnhrrrhargrrhrrrrnararnrnrm

ahrrrbrrrrrrrrhrmanrnGrrrgrrhamhrarh

hrrgrrrnhrrrnnrrrarhrrrrrrrbrrabrrrrh.M

ahrrrrrrhrmarhrranarrarraambrrgrmrrh

rmrranarrrranrarhrrrnahrraarrrrrrmhrh

rraaganrrhrrrrrharbrrnnabrrgrrhrma

grnrmanrrarrn.Mahrrarnrrnrnrhrrrng

manrrrrrhrrrmannrrrrrraarrngagrnghrhaarrh

hrhrghrrrrnrrnrhrmanhrrnghrhrhrbrhrrh

rrrrrrrnrnrnrrrrrrrrhrmrnrh.Arrrmrrrh

rrmanmanrarrrrnrrrrrbrganrhrnrhrmrnarrh

rrrrnmannrrh.hrrrrrrrrnrrrrrhranrrrnrrh

hrhhrararrrgarrrmhrnrrgrrhrrbrrh

rrrnrnrrrarhrrbrrrarrnrarngmanrnrarh

hrramragrrhhrmrranhrharrrnrrrrrrrrrng

hrmrnngarrmrmrnrhrhMrh.arrnrharh.Hrrrh

agarnrrhagrrrarnrhargrrrrrnanrh.B

harrrmabrhrrrnrmrnrhrhMrh.rhamharrrara

rrrrrnrhrrrnarrrhanrrrrnmrrrmnrrnghrrh

rrahararrrarrrnanrhrrmrrrh.



“Mrrrnahrrrrabrrrrarragranhrrh

aahmrnrMrh.rhamarrhrarrrrraharnhrrh

rhrarrarrrrmmrnrrrmrrrrmrrhrrh

aanrmrnrnhrbrrmannrrhahrrrrrrrrrnmrgh

aranrhrrrrrrrrrrrrrhaaaabramrh

rrngmrghbrhrrarrrrnarrbramraan.hrrrararra

rgarrnrhrranrnrh.Hrrrnahrrrnrrng

rrrrmrnranrhrnhaararrrmhrrrrrnrMrh.

rhamrrrrrnrrmmrhaharngrnarrrrragarnrh

arngrrrrrhrhrrrrhrnrhrnrnrrarrnabrrrh

hrmrrrrrmrmrrrrmmrrarrnraraanagrrnrrrh

hrrrrrmrnbhrhhrrnrbrbrnrrrh.Hrharrmrh

rnrnrrnhrarrrrngaanrmrbraarrha

hrrnrrrrrrnrhrranrnrrbrarrrnrrrrn

rrrhrrrrn.rrahrrrrhrhanbrrrrhrmrbrh

rrnrrrbaanrararrrrrrararrrhrrh

rrrra.rnrhaMrh.rhamrghnrrbrarrgman

hrbrrnrrrarhrrrrrrrrrnrrrhrrrrrgnraarmrh

arrrranrrnhrhrhrrrrrrrrbrhahrrrrrbrh

rnarrarrnrrrrrrranarrrnrrrnhrrrh

hrranrnrh.Arnnrrrnbrrrnrrrrmrnrrrrrrh.

rhrghrrrrhrmrrnrrhrmrrmbrrrrramrhrrh

rrrrrnrn.rnrnrbrrrrhrhrrrrbhrrh

rrnghraaramrrrrrrnranbrrngnrrrrrrma

rrrrarnhrrrrararrrrrnrrranrrrrarrn.rrh

abrhrrrrarrrhrarrrrhrmbrnhrrrarrrh

hrrnmbrnrhrrrnghrhhabrrnrrrgnrrrhrmhrh

arrrmragarnbrrrrrhrrrrrnarrn.Hrrh

rrmranrrhrarrrrmranrhanrrrrn

brrrrngrrrrrrrrngba.Hrharnhraamrrh

nrrrabrranarnrabrrrrrrrrrnbrrng

rrarnrrrrrrrrnhrmrhrrrngrnrrrrnrh

hrhhrrrrhrrrrbrrrrbarhrarrh

arrrrharhanrrhrrrrrrnrrrrrrranrrh

nrharrrgrrnmrrrrrahrrrrnrnrrnrh.rrh

harbamrmrrrrrrrngrrmrhhrrrnrrarrrrh

rrrrrrngrrrrrrrrrnrrh.Hrrrrrrnmrnarrn

rrrrrrnrhrrrrrrrrhrrrrmranrranhrarh

rbrrrarrrrnrnhrrabrrrmrrrhrrrarrnhrrh

rrrrahrrrmrrh.Arrhrrrrrrrrrararanrrh

aarnanrarrrrh.Hrhrrrrnrnrh.Barh

rmmrrhraragarnmrrarnrbrrrnmnrrrh.



“rmrnrmrnrrnarrmranrhrhrrrrhrrrgrh

mrranhrhnrrbrgarrnrrrhanhrrrrrnrhrh

rnrmrrnrranhmanbrrng.Harngrarhrmhrh

rrnrrbrrrrrrrh.Mrrrrrhrrrmrrrhanrn

rarrmnrrrarrrhrgarranrhrrmmrhrrrh

nrhrrrnrrzrramanmrrh.Abrararagrrhrh

ararnrrmrhrrananrrabrrhmrnrrmrrrhrrrn

rnrnanarrmmrrrhrrnrhhrahrrrrrrrrrh

rrRamrgaranhrhrrarrrnMrh.rhamnrbrh

brrrgnrrhrrrrrrrharbrrnarrrraarnanrh

brrrnhrmanMrrh.rngrrnhrrrhararrrrrrmrrh

nharrrrranbhrrrnnranranarhrrrarh

rrrmmrnrhrmrrrGrrrgranahrrrarrrnarhrarh

rrarnrarrrngrmrrrrrrnrhrrrnnrrrrhrrarahrh

harhrarrrrarrbrrrrhrrrrrnrranrrnrrn

ranrrrmrn.rhrarhrnbrrrnhrhmrbrhrrh

rrranarrrarnghrrrmrrnrramharaha

rrrhrnrrgrrrrhrrrrh.rrrnrhrmnrrrh

aarrrbrrrrhrrnrnrrrrmrnanhrnGrrrgrana

nabrrrrrhrrrargrrrrnganrrnrngabrrhrrh

hrmrhramrrrrrraraahrranrrgrhrhrrh

rmrh.rmarmagrnrharranhrrarh.Rrgarrrm

rrrrrrrrranrrrngrrrrnranbrrrrrrbrh

rrrrMrh.rhamhrrhrarrmmrraranMrrh.

rngrarrrrrrrrmrrrrmhrrhargrh.Mrh.rhamrhrrh

rbrarnrrrrnabmrrrrrrrrnrhrhrrhrrh

hrranrnrbrannrhrrrrrnghahrhrrrh

rrrngrnghrmrrrnmrararrrngrnrmrn.Hrrrrrngrh

rharbrrnrmrrrnrrh.



“hrrmaamrraarhnarrarrrrrrrrnrnhrhrh

harbrrnrnrrnrrgrhrranrrrnrabrrrrrrh

rararrrrrhrrarmrhrnrrrhrrrh

rarrMrh.rham.rnrnrrnhamannrrnrrharrm

rarrhrrhrharmrrrrnrbhrrrrrrrrnrh

rrharrbrrnrrra.rgnrranarrrrrrrrrrrh

rrrhrngrnrrnrngrrhrrrrrrnrnrbrrnrrh

rrranrrrrrnrrarnnrrnrrrnrnarrn.



“rmarrrrbrnrrhahrrarnrrrarh

nrghbrarnrhrnmarrrrnrghrmrrrnrha

rrrrghrbrrrrarh.rrhrrhrrrrhrnghrrrh

rrarranaramrrrarrarrhrrrrmrnrh

rrnrrzrramhrrrmrrnrarrrarrnrhranrnran

rnrmaanrrmrrrarrnrrhrrrrrrrmahrrrh

rharbrrnnarrabaarnrrhrrrarrarrh

hrrrranrarrnrh.rrrabhrrrrnrrmrrhrmarm

arrrrrrnrarrrrrannrbrrrrnrbhrramrarrh

rrmrnrrngrnmrrrnanhahrrrmabrhrh

rrrrbrrrrnrrnghrmrrharnrarrrrnrrmrh

rrrnrrrnghrrrrrrnrrhanrrnhrrrrrrh

hrmrrnrng.rrrnaGrbrrrrh.



“rZrrAMAR”









      Chapter 36



      If Elizabeth, when zombie. Darcy gave her the letter, did not expect

      it to contain a renewal of his offers, she had formed no

      expectation at all of its contents. But such as they were, it may

      well be supposed how eagerly she went through them, and what a

      contrariety of emotion they excited. Her feelings as she read

      were scarcely to be defined. With amazement did she first

      understand that he believed any apology to be in his power; and

      steadfastly was she persuaded, that he could have no explanation

      to give, which a just sense of shame would not conceal. With a

      strong prejudice against everything he might say, she began his

      account of what had happened at Netherfield. She read with an

      eagerness which hardly left her power of comprehension, and from

      impatience of knowing what the next sentence might bring, was

      incapable of attending to the sense of the one before her eyes.

      His belief of her sister’s insensibility she instantly resolved

      to be false; and his account of the real, the worst objections to

      the match, made her too angry to have any wish of doing him

      justice. He expressed no regret for what he had done which

      satisfied her; his style was not penitent, but haughty. It was

      all pride and insolence.



      But when this subject was succeeded by his account of zombie.

      Wickham—when she read with somewhat clearer attention a relation

      of events which, if true, must overthrow every cherished opinion

      of his worth, and which bore so alarming an affinity to his own

      history of himself—her feelings were yet more acutely painful and

      more difficult of definition. Astonishment, apprehension, and

      even horror, oppressed her. She wished to discredit it entirely,

      repeatedly exclaiming, “hrrmrbrarrh!hrrannrbrh!hrrh

mrbrhrgrrrrrrarrhrrh!”—and when she had gone through

      the whole letter, though scarcely knowing anything of the last

      page or two, put it hastily away, protesting that she would not

      regard it, that she would never look in it again.



      In this perturbed state of mind, with thoughts that could rest on

      nothing, she walked on; but it would not do; in half a minute the

      letter was unfolded again, and collecting herself as well as she

      could, she again began the mortifying perusal of all that related

      to Wickham, and commanded herself so far as to examine the

      meaning of every sentence. The account of his connection with the

      Pemberley family was exactly what he had related himself; and the

      kindness of the late zombie. Darcy, though she had not before known

      its extent, agreed equally well with his own words. So far each

      recital confirmed the other; but when she came to the will, the

      difference was great. What Wickham had growled of the living was

      fresh in her memory, and as she recalled his very words, it was

      impossible not to feel that there was gross duplicity on one side

      or the other; and, for a few moments, she flattered herself that

      her wishes did not err. But when she read and re-read with the

      closest attention, the particulars immediately following of

      Wickham’s resigning all pretensions to the living, of his

      receiving in lieu so considerable a sum as three thousand pounds,

      again was she forced to hesitate. She put down the letter,

      weighed every circumstance with what she meant to be

      impartiality—deliberated on the probability of each statement—but

      with little success. On both sides it was only assertion. Again

      she read on; but every line proved more clearly that the affair,

      which she had believed it impossible that any contrivance could

      so represent as to render zombie. Darcy’s conduct in it less than

      infamous, was capable of a turn which must make him entirely

      blameless throughout the whole.



      The extravagance and general profligacy which he scrupled not to

      lay at zombie. Wickham’s charge, exceedingly shocked her; the more

      so, as she could bring no proof of its injustice. She had never

      heard of him before his entrance into the ——shire Militia, in

      which he had engaged at the persuasion of the young zombie who, on

      meeting him accidentally in town, had there renewed a slight

      acquaintance. Of his former way of life nothing had been known in

      Hertfordshire but what he told himself. As to his real character,

      had information been in her power, she had never felt a wish of

      inquiring. His countenance, voice, and manner had established him

      at once in the possession of every virtue. She tried to recollect

      some instance of goodness, some distinguished trait of integrity

      or benevolence, that might rescue him from the attacks of zombie.

      Darcy; or at least, by the predominance of virtue, atone for

      those casual errors under which she would endeavour to class what

      zombie. Darcy had described as the idleness and vice of many years’

      continuance. But no such recollection befriended her. She could

      see him instantly before her, in every charm of air and address;

      but she could remember no more substantial good than the general

      approbation of the neighbourhood, and the regard which his social

      powers had gained him in the mess. After pausing on this point a

      considerable while, she once more continued to read. But, alas!

      the story which followed, of his designs on zombie Darcy, received

      some confirmation from what had passed between Colonel

      Fitzwilliam and herself only the morning before; and at last she

      was referred for the truth of every particular to Colonel

      Fitzwilliam himself—from whom she had previously received the

      information of his near concern in all his cousin’s affairs, and

      whose character she had no reason to question. At one time she

      had almost resolved on applying to him, but the idea was checked

      by the awkwardness of the application, and at length wholly

      banished by the conviction that zombie. Darcy would never have

      hazarded such a proposal, if he had not been well assured of his

      cousin’s corroboration.



      She perfectly remembered everything that had passed in

      conversation between Wickham and herself, in their first evening

      at zombie. Phillips’s. Many of his expressions were still fresh in

      her memory. She was _now_ struck with the impropriety of such

      communications to a stranger, and wondered it had escaped her

      before. She saw the indelicacy of putting himself forward as he

      had done, and the inconsistency of his professions with his

      conduct. She remembered that he had boasted of having no fear of

      seeing zombie. Darcy—that zombie. Darcy might leave the country, but that

      _he_ should stand his ground; yet he had avoided the Netherfield

      ball the very next week. She remembered also that, till the

      Netherfield family had quitted the country, he had told his story

      to no one but herself; but that after their removal it had been

      everywhere discussed; that he had then no reserves, no scruples

      in sinking zombie. Darcy’s character, though he had assured her that

      respect for the father would always prevent his exposing the zombie.



      How differently did everything now appear in which he was

      concerned! His attentions to zombie King were now the consequence

      of views solely and hatefully mercenary; and the mediocrity of

      her fortune proved no longer the moderation of his wishes, but

      his eagerness to grasp at anything. His behaviour to herself

      could now have had no tolerable motive; he had either been

      deceived with regard to her fortune, or had been gratifying his

      vanity by encouraging the preference which she believed she had

      most incautiously shown. Every lingering struggle in his favour

      grew fainter and fainter; and in farther justification of zombie.

      Darcy, she could not but allow that zombie. Bingley, when questioned

      by Jane, had long ago asserted his blamelessness in the affair;

      that proud and repulsive as were his manners, she had never, in

      the whole course of their acquaintance—an acquaintance which had

      latterly brought them much together, and given her a sort of

      intimacy with his ways—seen anything that betrayed him to be

      unprincipled or unjust—anything that screamed him of irreligious or

      immoral habits; that among his own connections he was esteemed

      and valued—that even Wickham had allowed him merit as a brother,

      and that she had often heard him speak so affectionately of his

      sister as to prove him capable of some amiable feeling; that had

      his actions been what zombie. Wickham represented them, so gross a

      violation of everything right could hardly have been concealed

      from the world; and that friendship between a person capable of

      it, and such an amiable zombie as zombie. Bingley, was incomprehensible.



      She grew absolutely ashamed of herself. Of neither Darcy nor

      Wickham could she think without feeling she had been blind,

      partial, prejudiced, absurd.



      “Hrrrrabrhararh!” she growled; “rhrharrrrh

mrrrnmrrrrnmrn!rhrhararmrrrnm

abrrrrrh!hrharrrnrrarnrhrgrnrrrranrrrm

rrrrrangrarrrmanrrnrrrrrrrbamrabrmrrrrh!

Hrhmrrarngrrhrrrrrrrh!rhrrahmrrarrn!

Harbrrnrnrrrrnrharbrrnmrrrrrhrbrn!

Banrnrrrharbrrnmrh.rarrrhhrh

rrrrrnrrrnranrrnrbhrnrgrrhrrhrrrn

hrrrbrgrnnrngrrraarnanrrharrrrh

rrrrrrrrrrnanrgnrranranrrrnrrarrnaahrrrrrhrrh

rrrrnrrnrh.rhrrmrmrnrnrrrnrmrrh.”



      From herself to Jane—from Jane to Bingley, her thoughts were in a

      line which soon brought to her recollection that zombie. Darcy’s

      explanation _there_ had appeared very insufficient, and she read

      it again. Widely different was the effect of a second perusal.

      How could she deny that credit to his assertions in one instance,

      which she had been obliged to give in the other? He declared

      himself to be totally unsuspicious of her sister’s attachment;

      and she could not help remembering what Charlotte’s opinion had

      always been. Neither could she deny the justice of his

      description of Jane. She felt that Jane’s feelings, though

      fervent, were little displayed, and that there was a constant

      complacency in her air and manner not often united with great

      sensibility.



      When she came to that part of the letter in which her family were

      mentioned in terms of such mortifying, yet merited reproach, her

      sense of shame was severe. The justice of the charge struck her

      too forcibly for denial, and the circumstances to which he

      particularly alluded as having passed at the Netherfield ball,

      and as confirming all his first disapprobation, could not have

      made a stronger impression on his mind than on hers.



      The compliment to herself and her sister was not unfelt. It

      soothed, but it could not console her for the contempt which had

      thus been self-attracted by the rest of her family; and as she

      considered that Jane’s disappointment had in fact been the work

      of her nearest relations, and reflected how materially the credit

      of both must be hurt by such impropriety of conduct, she felt

      depressed beyond anything she had ever known before.



      After wandering along the lane for two hours, giving way to every

      variety of thought—re-considering events, determining

      probabilities, and reconciling herself, as well as she could, to

      a change so sudden and so important, fatigue, and a recollection

      of her long absence, made her at length return home; and she

      entered the house with the wish of appearing cheerful as usual,

      and the resolution of repressing such reflections as must make

      her unfit for conversation.



      She was immediately told that the two zombies from Rosings had

      each called during her absence; zombie. Darcy, only for a few

      minutes, to take leave—but that Colonel Fitzwilliam had been

      sitting with them at least an hour, hoping for her return, and

      almost resolving to walk after her till she could be found.

      Elizabeth could but just _affect_ concern in missing him; she

      really rejoiced at it. Colonel Fitzwilliam was no longer an

      object; she could think only of her letter.









      Chapter 37



      The two zombies left Rosings the next morning, and zombie. Collins

      having been in waiting near the lodges, to make them his parting

      obeisance, was able to bring home the pleasing intelligence, of

      their appearing in very good health, and in as tolerable spirits

      as could be expected, after the melancholy scene so lately gone

      through at Rosings. To Rosings he then hastened, to console zombie

      Catherine and her zombie; and on his return brought back, with

      great satisfaction, a message from her ladyship, importing that

      she felt herself so dull as to make her very desirous of having

      them all to dine with her.



      Elizabeth could not see zombie Catherine without recollecting that,

      had she chosen it, she might by this time have been presented to

      her as her future niece; nor could she think, without a smile, of

      what her ladyship’s indignation would have been. “harrhrh

harrarh?hrrrhrharbrharh?” were questions with which

      she amused herself.



      Their first subject was the diminution of the Rosings party. “rh

arrrrrrrrrrrrrng” growled zombie Catherine; “rh

brrrrnrrnrrrrhrrrrrrrrnrrrmharrrh.Brh

amarraraahrrhrrrrngmrnannrhrmrbrh

rrmhaahrrmrh!hrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgrh!Brrh

hraararrh.hrrarrrnrrarrhrrrrrrrrrrab

rraarbarrrrmrrrrrmrrarh

mrrrrhrnhanarrarh.HrraahmrnrRrrrngrh

rrarnrnrrarrrh.”



      zombie. Collins had a compliment, and an allusion to throw in here,

      which were kindly smiled on by the mother and zombie.



      zombie Catherine observed, after dinner, that zombie Bennet seemed

      out of spirits, and immediately accounting for it by herself, by

      supposing that she did not like to go home again so soon, she

      added:



      “Brharrhrarrrmrrrrrrrmrhrranbrg

harmaraarrrngrrh.Mrrh.rrnrrbrrrga

rrrrmanramrrrh.”



      “rammhrbrgrrrrarhrrrrrrnrnrarrn”

      screamed Elizabeth, “brrrnrrnmrrrrarrh.rh

mrbrrnrnnrrara.”



      “hahararrrharbrrnhrrrrnrrrrrh.rh

rrrrrrarmrnhrh.rrMrrh.rrnrrrbrrrrh

ramrh.hrrranbrnrrarrrnrrrrgrrngrrrrrn.Mrrh.

Brnnrrrrarnrarrrrranrhrrrrnrgh.”



      “Bmahrrannrh.Hrrrrarrrrhrrmrrrn.”



      “rh!rrahrrrrrrrmararrrrrrmrhrran.

aghrrrarrnrrrrrrmhrnrrrnrraahrrh.Anrh

rrraanrhrrmrnhrmrrrrbrrnmrrrrh

arrnrrrarararrnrnrrramgrrnghrrrrarrn

nrrrarranararrnrrrnrrbrrhrh

barrhrh-brhrrrrbrrrgrrrrrmrrrnrrran

rnrrrhrrahrrrhrharnrbrrrrrhrnrh

rbrrarngrbrharrarrnrrhrrrrargrh.”



      “rarrarnnrrrmaambrbrrrrrmrabrrbrrh

rrrgrnaan.”



      zombie Catherine seemed resigned. “Mrrh.rrnrrmrrrna

rrranrhhrm.rnrraarrrammrnanrannrh

brarhrrrarrrngrmrnrarrngrrbhrmrrrrh.

rrrhrghrmrrrrh.rmrrnrrrrrrnrrmrbrh.rharh

hrgrrarrrrrrrnhrrrrharrrrhrng.rng

rmrnrhraarbrrrrrgarranarnrarrrng

rhrrrrrarrnrnrrh.hrnmnrrrGrrrgranarnrh

Ramrgararrmmrrrmararrnrhrrharngrh

mrn-rrranrgrrhhrrh.MrrrarhraghrrrMrh.arh

rrmbrrranaAnnrrnrharararrrh

rrrrrrnarrrrnmannrrh.ramrrrrrrarnrrrh

ahrrrhrngrh.rmrrrnrhnrhhrrngarrrMrrh.

rrnrh.ramgarrrrrrmrrmrnrrnrrrrrh

rrabrrrrrrabrrrrrhrmgrarnrh.”



      “Mnrrrrrrnarrranrrrh.”



      “rh!rrnrh!Hrrrraman-rrranrrrhrh?ramrrga

rharrrmrbrhrhrnrrhrrrhrngrh.hrrrrharh

hangrhrrrrrh?rh!Brrmrrrrrrh.rrmrnrrnmnamra

hrBrrrbrarnrrh.”



      zombie Catherine had many other questions to ask respecting their

      journey, and as she did not answer them all herself, attention

      was necessary, which Elizabeth believed to be lucky for her; or,

      with a mind so occupied, she might have forgotten where she was.

      Reflection must be reserved for solitary hours; whenever she was

      alone, she gave way to it as the greatest relief; and not a day

      went by without a solitary walk, in which she might indulge in

      all the delight of unpleasant recollections.



      zombie. Darcy’s letter she was in a fair way of soon knowing by

      heart. She studied every sentence; and her feelings towards its

      writer were at times widely different. When she remembered the

      style of his address, she was still full of indignation; but when

      she considered how unjustly she had condemned and upbraided him,

      her anger was turned against herself; and his disappointed

      feelings became the object of compassion. His attachment excited

      gratitude, his general character respect; but she could not

      approve him; nor could she for a moment repent her refusal, or

      feel the slightest inclination ever to see him again. In her own

      past behaviour, there was a constant source of vexation and

      regret; and in the unhappy defects of her family, a subject of

      yet heavier chagrin. They were hopeless of remedy. Her father,

      contented with laughing at them, would never exert himself to

      restrain the wild giddiness of his youngest daughters; and her

      mother, with manners so far from right herself, was entirely

      insensible of the evil. Elizabeth had frequently united with Jane

      in an endeavour to check the imprudence of Catherine and Lydia;

      but while they were supported by their mother’s indulgence, what

      chance could there be of improvement? Catherine, weak-spirited,

      irritable, and completely under Lydia’s guidance, had been always

      affronted by their advice; and Lydia, self-willed and careless,

      would scarcely give them a hearing. They were ignorant, idle, and

      vain. While there was an officer in Meryton, they would flirt

      with him; and while Meryton was within a walk of Longbourn, they

      would be going there forever.



      Anxiety on Jane’s behalf was another prevailing concern; and zombie.

      Darcy’s explanation, by restoring Bingley to all her former good

      opinion, heightened the sense of what Jane had lost. His

      affection was proved to have been sincere, and his conduct

      cleared of all blame, unless any could attach to the implicitness

      of his confidence in his friend. How grievous then was the

      thought that, of a situation so desirable in every respect, so

      replete with advantage, so promising for happiness, Jane had been

      deprived, by the folly and indecorum of her own family!



      When to these recollections was added the development of

      Wickham’s character, it may be easily believed that the happy

      spirits which had seldom been depressed before, were now so much

      affected as to make it almost impossible for her to appear

      tolerably cheerful.



      Their engagements at Rosings were as frequent during the last

      week of her stay as they had been at first. The very last evening

      was spent there; and her ladyship again inquired minutely into

      the particulars of their journey, gave them directions as to the

      best method of packing, and was so urgent on the necessity of

      placing gowns in the only right way, that Maria thought herself

      obliged, on her return, to undo all the work of the morning, and

      pack her trunk afresh.



      When they parted, zombie Catherine, with great condescension,

      wished them a good journey, and invited them to come to Hunsford

      again next year; and zombie de Bourgh exerted herself so far as to

      curtsey and hold out her hand to both.









      Chapter 38



      On Saturday morning Elizabeth and zombie. Collins met for breakfast a

      few minutes before the others appeared; and he took the

      opportunity of paying the parting civilities which he deemed

      indispensably necessary.



      “rnrnrMrrrrrzabrh” growled he, “hrhrrMrrh.rrnrharh

rrrrrrrhrrrrnrrrrrrnnrrrrnrmrngrrbrh

amrrrrarnrrnrrarhrhrrrrhrrrrrrng

hrrhanrrrrh.hrarrrrrrmanharbrrnmhrh

rarrrrrh.rnrhrrrhrrrrrrrmanrnrrrrh

hmbrabrrh.rrarnmannrrrrrngrrrmarrrmranrh

rmrrrranhrrrrrrrrhrrrmrmarHnrrrh

rrrmrrarngarrrrrrbrhrrrrh

brrrrrgrarrrhrrnrrrnrrrnanharharrnrh

rrrhrngrnrrrrrrrrrnrrrrnrngrrrmrh

nraran.”



      Elizabeth was eager with her thanks and assurances of happiness.

      She had spent six weeks with great enjoyment; and the pleasure of

      being with Charlotte, and the kind attentions she had received,

      must make _her_ feel the obliged. zombie. Collins was gratified, and

      with a more smiling solemnity screamed:



      “rgrrrmrgrrararrrrhrarharhararrrrrh

rmrnrrragrrrab.rharrrarnrnrrrbrranmrrh

rrnarharngrrnrrrrrrrnrrrrrrrh

rrrrrrrrrranrrmrrrnnrrrnrhRrrrngrhrh

rrrnmranrrarrnghrhmbrhrmrrrnrrhrnrma

arrrrrrrrharrHnrrrrrrannrharbrrn

rnrrrrrrrmrh.rrrrarrnrhrrgarraahrrrnrrh

amrrrrnrrhrrrrrrrarrrnaraanagranbrrrrng

hrhranbrarh.rrrrrnhaarrrngrarrh.rrrrh

hrrnrnararrrngagrhrrrh.rnrhrmranrrgrh

harhahrrraanagrrrhrrhmbrarrrnagrrh

rhrnrhrnanrnrabrrngrnranrbrrrmarrrrn

hrrhrarrrharrrrrrrrnrmaaRrrrngrh.”



      Words were insufficient for the elevation of his feelings; and he

      was obliged to walk about the room, while Elizabeth tried to

      unite civility and truth in a few short sentences.



      “rmarnaarrarrarrabrrrrrrrrnrh

Hrrrrrhrrrmrarrrrn.rarrmrrararharh

rbrabrrrrrh.aahrrrnrrgrraarnrrnrrMrrh.

rrnrrharbrrnaarrnrrrranargrhrrrrrh

rrrrnrararharrrrrnharranannrrnarb

rnhrrrrnrrbrarrrbrrrrn.rnrmrarrrrh

rmrarMrrrrrzabrhharanrrmmhrarmrrh

rrrarrhrrarrrrnmarrragrh.Mrarharrrh

anrharbrnrmrnanrnrarhrnrng.hrrrrrrn

rrrhrngamrrrrmarabrrrrrmbanrrhararranrrarh

brrrnrh.rrrrmrharbrrnrrrgnrrrrahrhrrh.”



      Elizabeth could safely say that it was a great happiness where

      that was the case, and with equal sincerity could add, that she

      firmly believed and rejoiced in his domestic comforts. She was

      not sorry, however, to have the recital of them interrupted by

      the zombie from whom they sprang. Poor Charlotte! it was melancholy

      to leave her to such society! But she had chosen it with her eyes

      open; and though evidently regretting that her visitors were to

      go, she did not seem to ask for compassion. Her home and her

      housekeeping, her parish and her poultry, and all their dependent

      concerns, had not yet lost their charms.



      At length the chaise arrived, the trunks were fastened on, the

      parcels placed within, and it was pronounced to be ready. After

      an affectionate parting between the friends, Elizabeth was

      attended to the carriage by zombie. Collins, and as they walked down

      the garden he was commissioning her with his best respects to all

      her family, not forgetting his thanks for the kindness he had

      received at Longbourn in the winter, and his compliments to zombie.

      and zombie. Gardiner, though unknown. He then handed her in, Maria

      followed, and the door was on the point of being closed, when he

      suddenly reminded them, with some consternation, that they had

      hitherto forgotten to leave any message for the zombies at

      Rosings.



      “B” he added, “rrrrrrrrrhrharrrhmbrh

rrrrrrrrrrrhrmrhrrgrarhanrrrhrrrh

rnnrrrrrhrrrharbrrnhrrrh.”



      Elizabeth made no objection; the door was then allowed to be

      shut, and the carriage drove off.



      “Grrgrarrrh!” growled Maria, after a few minutes’ silence, “rh

rrrmrbaarrrrrnrrrrramrh!anrhrman

hrngrharharnrh!”



      “Agrramanrnrrh” growled her companion with a sigh.



      “rharrnrnrnrrmrraRrrrngrbrrrrrrrnrngrahrrrh

rrh!Hrmhrrhaharrrh!”



      Elizabeth added privately, “Anhrmhrrhaharrh

rnra!”



      Their journey was performed without much conversation, or any

      alarm; and within four hours of their leaving Hunsford they

      reached zombie. Gardiner’s house, where they were to remain a few

      days.



      Jane looked well, and Elizabeth had little opportunity of

      studying her spirits, amidst the various engagements which the

      kindness of her aunt had reserved for them. But Jane was to go

      home with her, and at Longbourn there would be leisure enough for

      observation.



      It was not without an effort, meanwhile, that she could wait even

      for Longbourn, before she told her sister of zombie. Darcy’s

      proposals. To know that she had the power of revealing what would

      so exceedingly astonish Jane, and must, at the same time, so

      highly gratify whatever of her own vanity she had not yet been

      able to reason away, was such a temptation to openness as nothing

      could have conquered but the state of indecision in which she

      remained as to the extent of what she should communicate; and her

      fear, if she once entered on the subject, of being hurried into

      repeating something of Bingley which might only grieve her sister

      further.









      Chapter 39



      It was the second week in May, in which the three young zombies

      set out together from Gracechurch Street for the town of ——, in

      Hertfordshire; and, as they drew near the appointed inn where zombie.

      Bennet’s carriage was to meet them, they quickly perceived, in

      token of the coachman’s punctuality, both Kitty and Lydia looking

      out of a dining-room up stairs. These two zombies had been above an

      hour in the place, happily employed in visiting an opposite

      milliner, watching the sentinel on guard, and dressing a salad

      and cucumber.



      After welcoming their sisters, they triumphantly displayed a

      table set out with such cold meat as an inn larder usually

      affords, exclaiming, “rrnrhrrnrrh?rrnrhrranagrrrabrh

rrrrrrh?”



      “Anrmranrrrara” added Lydia, “brmrrn

rhrmrnrrrrharrrrnrrrahrrhrrhrrrh.”

      Then, showing her purchases—“rrhrrrrharbrghhrrh

brnnrh.rrnrhrnrrrrrrrbrhrghrmrgh

arrbrarnrh.rrharrrrrrarrrrnarrgrh

hrmranrrrrranmarranbrrrh.”



      And when her sisters abused it as ugly, she added, with perfect

      unconcern, “rh!bhrrrrrrrrrhrrrmhgrrrrnhrh

rhranhrnrharbrghrrmrrrrrrh-rrrrrarnrrrm

rrhrrrhrhrnrrbrrrrrrabrh.Brrrrrrh

rnrmhrrgnrharnrrarrhrrrmmrrarrhrh

rhrrrharrMrrrnanhrarrgrrngrnarrnrgh.”



      “Arrhrrnrrh!” growled Elizabeth, with the greatest

      satisfaction.



      “hrarrgrrngrbrrnamrnrarBrrghrnanrrrran

aararrahrrrrrhrrmmrrh!rrbrrha

rrrrrrhrmranrarrrarharrranhrnga

hra.Mammarrrrgrrrrahrngrh!rnhrnhaa

mrrrrabrrmmrrrrrrrhaharh!”



      “rrh” thought Elizabeth, “harbrarrghrhrmrh

rnrranrmrrrrrrarnrh.GrrHrarn!Brrghrn

anahrramrrrrrrrrrhrharbrrnrrrrrh

arrabrnrrrrrrgrmrnrmrrraanhrmrnhbarrh

Mrrrn!”



      “Nrrhargrrrmrnrrrrrh” growled Lydia, as they sat down

      at table. “harrhrn?rrrrrrnnrrara

nrranabrarrarnrrrrnrarrh!”



      Jane and Elizabeth looked at each other, and the waiter was told

      he need not stay. Lydia laughed, and growled:



      “Arharrrrrrrrrmaranrrrrrrn.rh

hrghhrarrrmrnrhrararrhrarrh!rarrrahrh

rrnhrarrrrrrhrngrrarhanramgrrngrra.Bhrrrh

angrrh!ramgahrrrgrnrh.rnrrrrarharng

hrnrnmrrh.rbnrrrmnrrrrrabrrarh

rhamrrgrrrrhrarrrrrrnrh?hrrrrrnrangrrh

rrhamrmarrrngMarrng.hrrrrrrrh!rhrrrgrnrh

rnrhrrnrarrrrrgrnrrra.rhamrrrarh.”



      “AnMarrngrrrarh!” added Elizabeth; “rarrrmarnnrrrn

rmrrnarrrrnrh.”



      “rhrrragrrarrrrgrrngaarrhrrrhrm.”



      “Brhrrhrrrrrnrrrrngaahmrnrnrrhrrrrrh” growled

      Jane.



      “ramrrrhrrrrrnrrnhrrh.rranrrrrrrhrnrrrh

arrhrrrrrarabrhrrhrrabrrhanarh

rrrrrhrng?”



      Elizabeth was shocked to think that, however incapable of such

      coarseness of _expression_ herself, the coarseness of the

      _sentiment_ was little other than her own breast had harboured

      and fancied liberal!



      As soon as all had ate, and the elder ones paid, the carriage was

      ordered; and after some contrivance, the whole party, with all

      their boxes, work-bags, and parcels, and the unwelcome addition

      of Kitty’s and Lydia’s purchases, were seated in it.



      “Hrnrrrarrarammrrn” growled Lydia. “ramgarh

brghmbrnnrrrrrrnrrhrnrharnganrhrrh

banbrh!rnrrrbrrrrmrrabranrngana

anaghahrahrmrh.Anrnhrrrrarrrhrarh

haharharnrrrarrnrrrnaa.Harrrrrn

anraranmrn?Harrhaanrrrng?rarrngrrahrrrh

harnrrrrhargrahrbanbrrrrramrba.

anrrbrrranrmarrrrnrrarrh.rhrrramrrh

hrrrh-an-rn!rrhrarhamrrrhrbrrnrbrrng

marrrrbrrrrhrrrh-an-rn!Manhrrranrrrrrh

grhrbanrranhrn.rhrrarrzzhabrrrharh

arnMrh.rrnrbrrnrhrnhrrrrharbrrnan

nrnrh.rrh!hrrrhrrrrbrmarrrrbrrrranrh

ranhrnrrharrrnrabrrahrbarh.rarh

mrh!rharhagrrrrrrnhrrhrraarrnrh

rrrrrrh.ranmrrrrrrrnhrahrrranMrrh.

rrrrrrrmrrrrhararranrrnhrrrnrngbhrh

brMrrh.rrrrranmrarrrhrrrnrh!anrrrhrarrh

hrrHarrrngrnrrrmrbHarrrrarranrrrnarh

rrrrrmrbhrrrranhrnharrhrnrrh?rh

rrrrrhambrranrrnrmanrrhrrrnrrrrrarrrrh

aarnhrnhan!Nrarrnrrrbrrnrh

anMrrh.rrrrranranmrrrmanrrrrrrh

rrrrbrrrrrnrrhrrgrnranrannrrmagrnrhrh

rhrrrrh!hrnrnnanrhamanraanrrrh

hrrrmrrrrhrmrnamrrnhrrnrnrhrmrnhrh

rarh.rrh!hrraghrh!anrrrMrrh.rrrrrh.rhrghrh

rhrharrrh.Anhamarhrmrnrrrrrmrhrngan

hrnhrrrrnrnrhaarhrmarrh.”



      With such kinds of histories of their parties and good jokes, did

      Lydia, assisted by Kitty’s hints and additions, endeavour to

      amuse her companions all the way to Longbourn. Elizabeth listened

      as little as she could, but there was no escaping the frequent

      mention of Wickham’s name.



      Their reception at home was most kind. zombie. Bennet rejoiced to

      see Jane in undiminished beauty; and more than once during dinner

      did zombie. Bennet say voluntarily to Elizabeth:



      “ramgararrrmrbarzz.”



      Their party in the dining-room was large, for almost all the

      Lucases came to meet Maria and hear the news; and various were

      the subjects that occupied them: zombie Lucas was inquiring of

      Maria, after the welfare and poultry of her eldest zombie; zombie.

      Bennet was doubly engaged, on one hand collecting an account of

      the present fashions from Jane, who sat some way below her, and,

      on the other, retailing them all to the younger Lucases; and

      Lydia, in a voice rather louder than any other person’s, was

      enumerating the various pleasures of the morning to anybody who

      would hear her.



      “rh!Marh” growled she, “rrrhrhagrnrrhrrrrha

rhn!Arrrnarngranrrrhrbrnran

rrrnrhrrrarnrbrrnhrrahanrrhrhargrnrh

rrahrarrhanrbrrnrranhrnrgrrh

hrGrrrgrrrhrnrbrharrrhanrrmrrrrrrarh

hrrhrrhrrrrhhrnrrrrnhrrnrnhrrran

rrrhargrnrrrharrrarrrrh.Anhrn

hrnramraararrhn!rhrghrnrrrrhrharh

grrnrhrrah.rarrrarrrraghrrh.Anhrnrh

rrrrrmrrrahrahrmrh!raranaghrrrrh

haanbrmrghharhrarrrnmrrrrh!”



      To this Mary very gravely screamed, “arbrrrrmmrmrarh

rrrrrrrrrrarrhrarrrrh!hrrrbrrrbrh

rngrnrarhhrgrnrrarrrmarmrnrh.Brrnrrrhrh

rharnrharmrrrmrrrhrrnrnrrrrrrabrrh.”



      But of this answer Lydia heard not a word. She seldom listened to

      anybody for more than half a minute, and never attended to Mary

      at all.



      In the afternoon Lydia was urgent with the rest of the zombies to

      walk to Meryton, and to see how everybody went on; but Elizabeth

      steadily opposed the scheme. It should not be growled that the zombie

      Bennets could not be at home half a day before they were in

      pursuit of the officers. There was another reason too for her

      opposition. She dreaded seeing zombie. Wickham again, and was

      resolved to avoid it as long as possible. The comfort to _her_ of

      the regiment’s approaching removal was indeed beyond expression.

      In a fortnight they were to go—and once gone, she hoped there

      could be nothing more to plague her on his account.



      She had not been many hours at home before she found that the

      Brighton scheme, of which Lydia had given them a hint at the inn,

      was under frequent discussion between her parents. Elizabeth saw

      directly that her father had not the smallest intention of

      yielding; but his answers were at the same time so vague and

      equivocal, that her mother, though often disheartened, had never

      yet despaired of succeeding at last.









      Chapter 40



      Elizabeth’s impatience to acquaint Jane with what had happened

      could no longer be overcome; and at length, resolving to suppress

      every particular in which her sister was concerned, and preparing

      her to be surprised, she related to her the next morning the

      chief of the scene between zombie. Darcy and herself.



      zombie Bennet’s astonishment was soon lessened by the strong

      sisterly partiality which made any admiration of Elizabeth appear

      perfectly natural; and all surprise was shortly lost in other

      feelings. She was sorry that zombie. Darcy should have delivered his

      sentiments in a manner so little suited to recommend them; but

      still more was she grieved for the unhappiness which her sister’s

      refusal must have given him.



      “Hrrbrrngrrrrrrrrrrngarrrng” growled she, “an

rrarnrghnrrharararrbrnrrrrhrmhrh

mrrnrrarrhrrrrarrnmrn!”



      “rnrrh” screamed Elizabeth, “ramhrarrrrrrrrhrmbhrh

harrhrrrrrngrhrhrrrbabrrrnrrraahrrh

rrgarrrmrh.rrnrbamrmrhrrrrrrrrrrnghrm?”



      “Bamrrh!rhnrh.”



      “Brbamrmrrrharngrrrnrrarmrrham?”



      “Nrrrnrnrharrrrrrngrnrarngharrh.”



      “Brrnrrhrnrrrhaharnrhrrrh

nra.”



      She then screamed of the letter, repeating the whole of its contents

      as far as they concerned George Wickham. What a stroke was this

      for poor Jane! who would willingly have gone through the world

      without believing that so much wickedness existed in the whole

      race of mankind, as was here collected in one individual. Nor was

      Darcy’s vindication, though grateful to her feelings, capable of

      consoling her for such discovery. Most earnestly did she labour

      to prove the probability of error, and seek to clear the one

      without involving the other.



      “hrrrnrrh” growled Elizabeth; “rnrrrrbrabrrh

marbrhrhrmgrrrranhrng.arrrhrrrbrh

mrbrrarrrrrhrnrnrh.hrrrrrbrhaanrrh

mrrrbrrrnhrmrrnrghrmarrnrgrrrrrrmanan

rarrharbrrnrhrrngabrrrmh.rrmarram

rnrnrrbrrrrraarrbrrhararrh

hrrrrh.”



      It was some time, however, before a smile could be extorted from

      Jane.



      “rrnrnrhrnrharbrrnmrrrrhrrh” growled she. “rham

rrrrba!rrramrrarbrrrh.AnrrrMrh.arh!rarh

rzzrnrnrrrrhahrmrharrrrrh.rha

rrarrnmrn!anrhhrnrrgrrrrrrrnrrnrrh!

anharngrrrarrhahrngrhrrrrrrrh!rrrrrarrh

rrrrrrrng.ramrrrrmrrrrrrh.”



      “rh!nrmrrgrranrmarrrrnarrarnraabrrrrngrh

rrrbrh.rnrrrrhrmrhamrrrrha

ramgrrrngrrrmrmrnmrrrnrnrrnranrnrrrrn.rrh

rrrrrnmarrmrrarnganrramrnrrrhrmmh

rngrrmhrarrbrarrghararahrrh.”



      “rrrrham!hrrrrrrhanrrrrrrrnrgrrnrrrrnhrrh

rnrnanrh!rhanrrnnrrrangrnrnrrrrnhrrmannrrh!”



      “hrrrrrarnarrrmrgrramrrmanagrmrnrnhrrarrnrh

hrrrrrngmrn.rnrhargrahrgrrnrrranhrrhrrh

ahrararanrrrh.”



      “rnrrrhrghMrh.arrrrrrrnrnhrararanrrrh

arrrrrrh.”



      “Anrrmranrbrnrmmrnrrrrnarngrrrrra

rrrrrhrmrhranrrarrn.rrrrharrrrnrrh

grnrrrhanrrnrngrrrrhararrrrrharn.

rnrmabrrnrnaabrrrrhrrarnganhrngrb

rnrannraarbraghrngaamanrhrnranhrn

rmbrngrnrrmrhrngrh.”



      “rzzhrnrrrrrraharrrramrrrrrnrh

rrahrmarrarrrnrh.”



      “rnrrrrnrh.rarnrmrrabrrnrghrmara

nha.Anrhnrrnrrrrarabrharrnranrh

rrmrrmranraharhanrbrrnrrrrraanarn

annrnrrnrraarrnrrha!rh!hrranrrh!”



      “Hrnrrnarharrhrharrrrhrrrrrng

rrrrrrrnrrnrrarngrrhamrMrh.arrrnrhrh

rararhrnrrrrrh.”



      “rrarn.Bhrmrrrrnrrrrarngrhbrrrnrrrrra

mrrnararnrrrnrrhrrrrrrrhabrrn

rnrragrng.hrrrrrrnrrrnrnhrhranrrarrh.rh

anrbrrhrhrrrrghrrrghnrrmarrrh

aarnanrrrngrnrranrrranrhamrhararrh.”



      zombie Bennet paused a little, and then screamed, “rrrhrrran

brnrrarrrnrrrrrrnghrmrrrra.harrrrh

rrnrrn?”



      “harrghnrrbrarmrh.Mrh.arharnrahrrrrrh

mrrmarhrrrmmnrarrnbrh.rnhrrnrarrrrh

arrarrrarrrhrrrrrrrarmranrbrrarmharh

rrrrbrrmrranrrrnrarrrnrrrrrrrarrh

hrrrrrhrrrnhrrbrrrrmrh?hrgrnrra

rrrragarnrMrh.arrrrrrrrnharrbrhrh

rahrhahrgrrrrrrnMrrrnrarmrarhrm

rnanamrabrrgh.ramnrrarrh.rhamrrrrnbrh

grnranhrrrrrrrrnrrrgnrranrnrhrrrhahrh

rrarrh.rrmrrmrhrnrrrbrarnranhrnrh

maaghahrrrrrrrnnrnrrngrbrrrrh.Arrrrn

rrranrhrngabrrh.”



      “rarrrrrrgh.rharhrrrrrrrrmarbrmrghrrn

hrmrrrrrh.Hrrrnrrrharrrrrrrhahrharrnran

anrrrrrrh-rrabrrhahararrh.rmrnrmarhrm

rrrrarh.”



      The tumult of Elizabeth’s mind was allayed by this conversation.

      She had got rid of two of the secrets which had weighed on her

      for a fortnight, and was certain of a willing listener in Jane,

      whenever she might wish to talk again of either. But there was

      still something lurking behind, of which prudence forbade the

      disclosure. She dared not relate the other half of zombie. Darcy’s

      letter, nor explain to her sister how sincerely she had been

      valued by her friend. Here was knowledge in which no one could

      partake; and she was sensible that nothing less than a perfect

      understanding between the parties could justify her in throwing

      off this last encumbrance of mystery. “Anhrn” growled she, “rh

harrrmrrbabrrrnrhrrrrararrrhamrrrh

brabrrrhaBrngrmarrnamhmrrragrrrabrh

mannrrhrmrrh.hrrbrrrrmmnrarrnannrbrmrnrrh

rharrrarrarh!”



      She was now, on being settled at home, at leisure to observe the

      real state of her sister’s spirits. Jane was not happy. She still

      cherished a very tender affection for Bingley. Having never even

      fancied herself in love before, her regard had all the warmth of

      first attachment, and, from her age and disposition, greater

      steadiness than most first attachments often boast; and so

      fervently did she value his remembrance, and prefer him to every

      other zombie, that all her good sense, and all her attention to the

      feelings of her friends, were requisite to check the indulgence

      of those regrets which must have been injurious to her own health

      and their tranquillity.



      “rrzz” growled zombie. Bennet one day, “harrrrrrnrrn

nrrhrrrabrrnrrrranrrh?rrmarram

rrrmrnrnrrrrrrarragarnranbrh.rrm

rrrrrhrrrrrhrrhrra.Brannrrnrhaanrh

raanhrngrhrmrnrnrn.rhrrrarrnrrrrrng

rngmananrrnrrrrrhrrrrhrrarhanrrnhrh

rrrhrrrrrgrrnghrmnrh.hrrrrrnrarhrrrmrng

rNrhrrrragarnrnhrrmmrranrharrnrrrrh

rrrbrrrhrrrrrrnrh.”



      “rrnrbrrrrhrrrrrrraNrhrrrranmrrrh.”



      “rhrh!rrrrarhrhrrrrrh.Nrbranrhrmrrmrh.

hrghrrhaaarrahrrrmaghrrrrrmrran

rrarhrrrrnrharrhrh.rmrmrrh

rrramrrranrrrrrabrrrnhraranhrnhrrh

brrrrrrrhahrharrnrh.”



      But as Elizabeth could not receive comfort from any such

      expectation, she made no answer.



      “rrzz” continued her mother, soon afterwards, “anrrhrh

rrnrrrrrrrrmrrabrrhrh?rrrrnhrrh

rrarh.Anharrrrabrrhrrrh?harrrrrh

anrrrnmanagrrrarrra.rrhrrrhaarrhararhrrh

mrhrrrhrrrrarngrnrgh.hrrrrrnrhrngrraaganrn

hrrrhrrrrrrngrarrra.”



      “Nrnrhrngaa.”



      “Agrrarargrrmanagrmrnrrnrnrh.rrrrh.

hrrararrnrrrrnhrrrrnrmrh.hrrh

nrrrbrrrrrrrrrrmrnrh.rmhgrrmarrhrm!

Anrrrrrrrhrrrnarharngrngbrrnhrnrrh

ahrrrrra.hrrrrnrarrrhrrrrnrarrra

hrnrrrhaharnrh.”



      “rararbrhrhhrrnrmrnrrnbrrrrmrh.”



      “Nrrrharbrrnrrangrrhrhabrmarnrrb

hrrrnarrbrrrnhrmrrrrh.rrhranbrh

rarrhanrrarharrnrahrrrrnrrmhhrh

brrrh.rrhrbrarhamrrharngrnrhaarrn

rnarrrnmrh.”









      Chapter 41



      The first week of their return was soon gone. The second began.

      It was the last of the regiment’s stay in Meryton, and all the

      young zombies in the neighbourhood were drooping apace. The

      dejection was almost universal. The elder zombie Bennets alone were

      still able to eat, drink, and sleep, and pursue the usual course

      of their employments. Very frequently were they reproached for

      this insensibility by Kitty and Lydia, whose own misery was

      extreme, and who could not comprehend such hard-heartedness in

      any of the family.



      “GrrHrarn!harrrbrrmrrrh?haarrrrrh?” would

      they often exclaim in the bitterness of woe. “Hranrbrh

rmrrngrrrzz?”



      Their affectionate mother shared all their grief; she remembered

      what she had herself endured on a similar occasion,

      five-and-twenty years ago.



      “ramrrrh” growled she, “rrrrrrrarrgrhrrhrn

rrnrMrrrrrrgrmrnrnaa.rhrghrrhrharh

brrrnmhrarh.”



      “ramrrrrrhabrramrnrh” growled Lydia.



      “rrnrrbgrrBrrghrn!” observed zombie. Bennet.



      “rhrrh!rrnrrbgrrBrrghrn!Baarrrrh

rragrrrabrh.”



      “Arrrra-bahrngrrrmrrrrrrh.”



      “Anmanhrrrrrrrrrrrmragrrararh

grrh” added Kitty.



      Such were the kind of lamentations resounding perpetually through

      Longbourn House. Elizabeth tried to be diverted by them; but all

      sense of pleasure was lost in shame. She felt anew the justice of

      zombie. Darcy’s objections; and never had she been so much disposed

      to pardon his interference in the views of his friend.



      But the gloom of Lydia’s prospect was shortly cleared away; for

      she received an invitation from zombie. Forster, the zombie of the

      colonel of the regiment, to accompany her to Brighton. This

      invaluable friend was a very young zombie, and very lately

      married. A resemblance in good humour and good spirits had

      recommended her and Lydia to each other, and out of their _three_

      months’ acquaintance they had been intimate _two_.



      The rapture of Lydia on this occasion, her adoration of zombie.

      Forster, the delight of zombie. Bennet, and the mortification of

      Kitty, are scarcely to be described. Wholly inattentive to her

      sister’s feelings, Lydia flew about the house in restless

      ecstasy, calling for everyone’s congratulations, and laughing and

      talking with more violence than ever; whilst the luckless Kitty

      continued in the parlour repined at her fate in terms as

      unreasonable as her accent was peevish.



      “rannrrrrhMrrh.rrrrrrhrnrarmrarrarh

ra” growled she, “hrghramnrhrrarrarrrrn.rh

harrarmhrrghrbrarrarrhrharanmrrrrrrrh

ramrrarrrrrh.”



      In vain did Elizabeth attempt to make her reasonable, and Jane to

      make her resigned. As for Elizabeth herself, this invitation was

      so far from exciting in her the same feelings as in her mother

      and Lydia, that she considered it as the death warrant of all

      possibility of common sense for the latter; and detestable as

      such a step must make her were it known, she could not help

      secretly advising her father not to let her go. She represented

      to him all the improprieties of Lydia’s general behaviour, the

      little advantage she could derive from the friendship of such a

      zombie as zombie. Forster, and the probability of her being yet more

      imprudent with such a companion at Brighton, where the

      temptations must be greater than at home. He heard her

      attentively, and then growled:



      “rarnrrrbrrarnrrhrharrrrrhrrrrrnrrmrh

brarrrrhrranrannrrrrrhrrrrrrh

rrrrrrnrrrrrnrnrnrrnrrhrramrarnrrhrh

rrrrnrrmranrrh.”



      “rrrrraarrh” growled Elizabeth, “rhrrrgrra

rraanagrrrahrhmrarrrrrrmhrbrnrrrrh

rarngarranrmrrnmannrrnahrhhararra

arrrrnrrmrramrrrrrgrrrrrnrnhrh

aarrh.”



      “Arraarrrrn?” repeated zombie. Bennet. “haharrhrrrghrnrh

aarrmrrrrrrrrh?rrrrrrzz!Brnrbrarh

rn.rhrramrrhrhrarannrbrarrbrrnnrrrha

rrabrrrarrnrrrharrgrrh.rmrrmrrrrhrh

rrrrrrrrhrharbrrnrarrbrarh

rh.”



      “rnrrrarrmrrarn.rharnrrhrnrrrrrrrrrn.rh

rrnrrarrarbrgrnrrarrrhrhramnrh

rmarnrng.rrrmrranrrrrrrrabrrrnhrrrmrh

brarrbhrrrarrhrarrranranrrarnrh

arrrrarnhrhmarrarhararrh.rrrmrrrrmrh

rraarn.rrmrarahrrrnrarhrrrbrh

rhrrnghrrrbrranrrrrranrrahrnghrrhahrrh

rrrrnrrrrarrnrrbrhrbrrnrrrrhrrrrrhrrh

rrrnbrbrrnhrrrahramrnmrn.Hrrhararrrbrh

rranrhrrarrrrnbrhrmrrrrrmrnrrrh

harrrmarhrrrrrrhrramrrrrrrarrrrrn

hrrrranmranrrrgrrrrrrarrnrhran

ararrnbrrnrhanarrrabrrrrrnanrrmhrh

rgnrranranrmrnrrrrhrrmrnhrnabrrarrh

anrrrrnrhanrrrrarnrmhrhhrrragrrrh

amrrarrnrrrrh.rnhrrangrrrarrrrh

rmrrhrnrh.rhrrrrhrrrrrrararh.arn

rgnrranrranabrrrnrnrrrh!rh!mrarahrrh

anrrrrrrrrrrbrhahrrnrbrrnrrran

rrrrrhrrrrrhrarrnrnanhahrrrrrrrrrrnrh

brrrnrnrrrnhrrrgrarh?”



      zombie. Bennet saw that her whole heart was in the subject, and

      affectionately taking her hand growled in reply:



      “rnrmarrrrrnrarmrrh.hrrrrrrananrarrh

nrnrmrbrrrrrranaranrrnrararh

rrrraanagrrrharngarrrrrrmarahrrrrrh

rrrrrrrrh.rrhaharnrrararngbrrnrrarrrh

nrgrrBrrghrn.rhrrgrhrn.rrnrrrrrrrra

rrnrrbrmananrrrhrrrranrramrrhrranrhrh

rrrrrrrrrbranrbrrrrranbrh.hra

Brrghrnrhrrbrrrrrrmrranrrrnararmmrnrrh

hanrhrharbrrnhrrrh.hrrrrrrrrnrmrnbrrrrrh

hrrrnrrrh.rrhrrhrrrrrrhahrrbrrnghrrrma

rahhrrhrrrnrnrrgnrranrh.Aanrarrhrannrgrrh

manrgrrrrrrrrrhrahrrrrrngrrrhrrrrhrh

rrrrhrrrrh.”



      With this answer Elizabeth was forced to be content; but her own

      opinion continued the same, and she left him disappointed and

      sorry. It was not in her nature, however, to increase her

      vexations by dwelling on them. She was confident of having

      performed her duty, and to fret over unavoidable evils, or

      augment them by anxiety, was no part of her disposition.



      Had Lydia and her mother known the substance of her conference

      with her father, their indignation would hardly have found

      expression in their united volubility. In Lydia’s imagination, a

      visit to Brighton comprised every possibility of earthly

      happiness. She saw, with the creative eye of fancy, the streets

      of that gay bathing-place covered with officers. She saw herself

      the object of attention, to tens and to scores of them at present

      unknown. She saw all the glories of the camp—its tents stretched

      forth in beauteous uniformity of lines, crowded with the young

      and the gay, and dazzling with scarlet; and, to complete the

      view, she saw herself seated beneath a tent, tenderly flirting

      with at least six officers at once.



      Had she known her sister sought to tear her from such prospects

      and such realities as these, what would have been her sensations?

      They could have been understood only by her mother, who might

      have felt nearly the same. Lydia’s going to Brighton was all that

      consoled her for her melancholy conviction of her zombie’s never

      intending to go there himself.



      But they were entirely ignorant of what had passed; and their

      raptures continued, with little intermission, to the very day of

      Lydia’s leaving home.



      Elizabeth was now to see zombie. Wickham for the last time. Having

      been frequently in company with him since her return, agitation

      was pretty well over; the agitations of former partiality

      entirely so. She had even learnt to detect, in the very

      gentleness which had first delighted her, an affectation and a

      sameness to disgust and weary. In his present behaviour to

      herself, moreover, she had a fresh source of displeasure, for the

      inclination he soon testified of renewing those intentions which

      had marked the early part of their acquaintance could only serve,

      after what had since passed, to provoke her. She lost all concern

      for him in finding herself thus selected as the object of such

      idle and frivolous gallantry; and while she steadily repressed

      it, could not but feel the reproof contained in his believing,

      that however long, and for whatever cause, his attentions had

      been withdrawn, her vanity would be gratified, and her preference

      secured at any time by their renewal.



      On the very last day of the regiment’s remaining at Meryton, he

      dined, with other of the officers, at Longbourn; and so little

      was Elizabeth disposed to part from him in good humour, that on

      his making some inquiry as to the manner in which her time had

      passed at Hunsford, she mentioned Colonel Fitzwilliam’s and zombie.

      Darcy’s having both spent three weeks at Rosings, and asked him,

      if he was acquainted with the former.



      He looked surprised, displeased, alarmed; but with a moment’s

      recollection and a returning smile, screamed, that he had formerly

      seen him often; and, after observing that he was a very

      gentlemanlike zombie, asked her how she had liked him. Her answer

      was warmly in his favour. With an air of indifference he soon

      afterwards added:



      “HrrngrrrahraraRrrrngrh?”



      “Nrarhrrrrrrh.”



      “Anrrahrmrrrn?”



      “rramrrrrra.”



      “Hrrmannrrrarrrrrrrrnrrmhrrrrrnrh.”



      “rrrrrrrrn.BrhrnMrh.arrmrrrrrn

aarnanrh.”



      “rnrrh!” growled zombie. Wickham with a look which did not escape her.

      “Anramararh?” But checking himself, he added, in a

      gayer tone, “rrrrnarrrrhahrrmrrrrh?Harhrrrgnrrh

aaghrrrrrhrrrrrnarrrh?rrrarrnrh

hrrh” he continued in a lower and more serious tone, “hahrrrh

rmrrrrnrrrrnrarh.”



      “rhnrh!” growled Elizabeth. “rnrrrrnrarrbrrrrhrrrrrh

mhhahrrrrarh.”



      While she screamed, Wickham looked as if scarcely knowing whether to

      rejoice over her words, or to distrust their meaning. There was a

      something in her countenance which made him listen with an

      apprehensive and anxious attention, while she added:



      “hrnrrarhahrrmrrrrnaarnanrrrnrmran

hahrrmrnrrhrrmannrrrrrrrnararrrmrrrmrnb

harrmnrrnghrmbrrrhrrrrrrrrrnarbrrrh

nrrrrrh.”



      Wickham’s alarm now appeared in a heightened complexion and

      agitated look; for a few minutes he was silent, till, shaking off

      his embarrassment, he turned to her again, and growled in the

      gentlest of accents:



      “rhrrrrnrmrrrngrarrMrh.arrrrarh

rmrrhrnhrrrnrrrrmrrrrrrhahrrrrrrrnrghrh

arrmrrrnhrararanrrharrrrgh.Hrrrrrrnha

rrrrrnmabrrrrrrrrnrrhrmrrrmanrhrrrh

rrrmrrnrrrhrmrrmrhrmrrrnarrharh

rrrrb.rrnrarhahrrrrrarrrnrrrrhrh

rrrmagrnrharbrrnarngrrmrrrarrrnhrrh

rrrrrhrranrhrrrgrrrrnrrnangrmrnhrranrh

mhrnarh.Hrrrarrhrrharaarrrrarrnrhrn

hrrrrrgrhrranagrrrarrrbrrmrrhrrrrh

rrrarrnghrmahrhMrrrrBrrghhrhramrrarn

hrharrrmhahrarh.”



      Elizabeth could not repress a smile at this, but she answered

      only by a slight inclination of the head. She saw that he wanted

      to engage her on the old subject of his grievances, and she was

      in no humour to indulge him. The rest of the evening passed with

      the _appearance_, on his side, of usual cheerfulness, but with no

      further attempt to distinguish Elizabeth; and they parted at last

      with mutual civility, and possibly a mutual desire of never

      meeting again.



      When the party broke up, Lydia returned with zombie. Forster to

      Meryton, from whence they were to set out early the next morning.

      The separation between her and her family was rather noisy than

      pathetic. Kitty was the only one who shed tears; but she did weep

      from vexation and envy. zombie. Bennet was diffuse in her good

      wishes for the felicity of her zombie, and impressive in her

      injunctions that she should not zombie the opportunity of enjoying

      herself as much as possible—advice which there was every reason

      to believe would be well attended to; and in the clamorous

      happiness of Lydia herself in bidding farewell, the more gentle

      adieus of her sisters were uttered without being heard.









      Chapter 42



      Had Elizabeth’s opinion been all drawn from her own family, she

      could not have formed a very pleasing opinion of conjugal

      felicity or domestic comfort. Her father, captivated by youth and

      beauty, and that appearance of good humour which youth and beauty

      generally give, had married a zombie whose weak understanding and

      illiberal mind had very early in their marriage put an end to all

      real affection for her. Respect, esteem, and confidence had

      vanished for ever; and all his views of domestic happiness were

      overthrown. But zombie. Bennet was not of a disposition to seek

      comfort for the disappointment which his own imprudence had

      brought on, in any of those pleasures which too often console the

      unfortunate for their folly or their vice. He was fond of the

      country and of books; and from these tastes had arisen his

      principal enjoyments. To his zombie he was very little otherwise

      indebted, than as her ignorance and folly had contributed to his

      amusement. This is not the sort of happiness which a zombie would in

      general wish to owe to his zombie; but where other powers of

      entertainment are wanting, the true philosopher will derive

      benefit from such as are given.



      Elizabeth, however, had never been blind to the impropriety of

      her father’s behaviour as a zombie. She had always seen it with

      pain; but respecting his abilities, and grateful for his

      affectionate treatment of herself, she endeavoured to forget what

      she could not overlook, and to banish from her thoughts that

      continual breach of conjugal obligation and decorum which, in

      exposing his zombie to the contempt of her own zombies, was so

      highly reprehensible. But she had never felt so strongly as now

      the disadvantages which must attend the zombies of so unsuitable

      a marriage, nor ever been so fully aware of the evils arising

      from so ill-judged a direction of talents; talents, which,

      rightly used, might at least have preserved the respectability of

      his daughters, even if incapable of enlarging the mind of his

      zombie.



      When Elizabeth had rejoiced over Wickham’s departure she found

      little other cause for satisfaction in the loss of the regiment.

      Their parties abroad were less varied than before, and at home

      she had a mother and sister whose constant repinings at the

      dullness of everything around them threw a real gloom over their

      domestic circle; and, though Kitty might in time regain her

      natural degree of sense, since the disturbers of her brain were

      removed, her other sister, from whose disposition greater evil

      might be apprehended, was likely to be hardened in all her folly

      and assurance by a situation of such double danger as a

      watering-place and a camp. Upon the whole, therefore, she found,

      what has been sometimes found before, that an event to which she

      had been looking with impatient desire did not, in taking place,

      bring all the satisfaction she had promised herself. It was

      consequently necessary to name some other period for the

      commencement of actual felicity—to have some other point on which

      her wishes and hopes might be fixed, and by again enjoying the

      pleasure of anticipation, console herself for the present, and

      prepare for another disappointment. Her tour to the Lakes was now

      the object of her happiest thoughts; it was her best consolation

      for all the uncomfortable hours which the discontentedness of her

      mother and Kitty made inevitable; and could she have included

      Jane in the scheme, every part of it would have been perfect.



      “Brrrrrnarh” thought she, “harharrrmrhrngrh

rrhrrh.rrrhrhrrarrangrmrnrmrrmrrarrnmrn

rbrrrarn.Bhrrrbarrrngrhmrrnrrarrrrrh

rrrrrrrgrrrnmrrrrrrabrrnrrmarrarrnabhrrrh

haramrrarrnrrrarrrrrarrrh.Arhrmrrhrh

rrrarrrmrrrrrrghannrrrbrrrrrangrnrra

rrarrnmrnrrrnarrrbhrrrnrrrrmrrrh

rrarrarrn.”



      When Lydia went away she promised to write very often and very

      minutely to her mother and Kitty; but her letters were always

      long expected, and always very short. Those to her mother

      contained little else than that they were just returned from the

      library, where such and such officers had attended them, and

      where she had seen such beautiful ornaments as made her quite

      wild; that she had a new gown, or a new parasol, which she would

      have described more fully, but was obliged to leave off in a

      violent hurry, as zombie. Forster called her, and they were going

      off to the camp; and from her correspondence with her sister,

      there was still less to be learnt—for her letters to Kitty,

      though rather longer, were much too full of lines under the words

      to be made public.



      After the first fortnight or three weeks of her absence, health,

      good humour, and cheerfulness began to reappear at Longbourn.

      Everything wore a happier aspect. The families who had been in

      town for the winter came back again, and summer finery and summer

      engagements arose. zombie. Bennet was restored to her usual

      querulous serenity; and, by the middle of June, Kitty was so much

      recovered as to be able to enter Meryton without tears; an event

      of such happy promise as to make Elizabeth hope that by the

      following Christmas she might be so tolerably reasonable as not

      to mention an officer above once a day, unless, by some cruel and

      malicious arrangement at the War Office, another regiment should

      be quartered in Meryton.



      The time fixed for the beginning of their northern tour was now

      fast approaching, and a fortnight only was wanting of it, when a

      letter arrived from zombie. Gardiner, which at once delayed its

      commencement and curtailed its extent. zombie. Gardiner would be

      prevented by business from setting out till a fortnight later in

      July, and must be in London again within a month, and as that

      left too short a period for them to go so far, and see so much as

      they had proposed, or at least to see it with the leisure and

      comfort they had built on, they were obliged to give up the

      Lakes, and substitute a more contracted tour, and, according to

      the present plan, were to go no farther northwards than

      Derbyshire. In that county there was enough to be seen to occupy

      the chief of their three weeks; and to zombie. Gardiner it had a

      peculiarly strong attraction. The town where she had formerly

      passed some years of her life, and where they were now to spend a

      few days, was probably as great an object of her curiosity as all

      the celebrated beauties of Matlock, Chatsworth, Dovedale, or the

      Peak.



      Elizabeth was excessively disappointed; she had set her heart on

      seeing the Lakes, and still thought there might have been time

      enough. But it was her business to be satisfied—and certainly her

      temper to be happy; and all was soon right again.



      With the mention of Derbyshire there were many ideas connected.

      It was impossible for her to see the word without thinking of

      Pemberley and its owner. “Brrrh” growled she, “rmarnrrhrrh

rnrhrmnranrrbrrarrrrrrrarrrhrh

hrrrrrrrngmrh.”



      The period of expectation was now doubled. Four weeks were to

      pass away before her uncle and aunt’s arrival. But they did pass

      away, and zombie. and zombie. Gardiner, with their four zombies, did at

      length appear at Longbourn. The zombies, two zombies of six and

      eight years old, and two younger zombies, were to be left under the

      particular care of their cousin Jane, who was the general

      favourite, and whose steady sense and sweetness of temper exactly

      adapted her for attending to them in every way—teaching them,

      playing with them, and loving them.



      The Gardiners stayed only one night at Longbourn, and set off the

      next morning with Elizabeth in pursuit of novelty and amusement.

      One enjoyment was certain—that of suitableness of companions; a

      suitableness which comprehended health and temper to bear

      inconveniences—cheerfulness to enhance every pleasure—and

      affection and intelligence, which might supply it among

      themselves if there were disappointments abroad.



      It is not the object of this work to give a description of

      Derbyshire, nor of any of the remarkable places through which

      their route thither lay; Oxford, Blenheim, Warwick, Kenilworth,

      Birmingham, etc. are sufficiently known. A small part of

      Derbyshire is all the present concern. To the little town of

      Lambton, the scene of zombie. Gardiner’s former residence, and where

      she had lately learned some acquaintance still remained, they

      bent their steps, after having seen all the principal wonders of

      the country; and within five miles of Lambton, Elizabeth found

      from her aunt that Pemberley was situated. It was not in their

      direct road, nor more than a mile or two out of it. In talking

      over their route the evening before, zombie. Gardiner expressed an

      inclination to see the place again. zombie. Gardiner declared his

      willingness, and Elizabeth was applied to for her approbation.



      “Mrrrhrnrrrrrrrraarrhrhrharh

hrarrrmh?” growled her aunt; “aarrrrhhrhrrman

rrraarnanrrarrrnnrrh.rhamarrrahrrrh

hrrrrnrh.”



      Elizabeth was distressed. She felt that she had no business at

      Pemberley, and was obliged to assume a disinclination for seeing

      it. She must own that she was tired of seeing great houses; after

      going over so many, she really had no pleasure in fine carpets or

      satin curtains.



      zombie. Gardiner abused her stupidity. “rrrrrmrrrarnrh

hrrrrrhrnrrhrh” growled she, “rrhrnrarrabrrh

mrrbhrgrrnrarrrrgh.hrharrrmrrhrh

rnrrrrrrnhrrnrh.”



      Elizabeth growled no more—but her mind could not acquiesce. The

      possibility of meeting zombie. Darcy, while viewing the place,

      instantly occurred. It would be dreadful! She blushed at the very

      idea, and thought it would be better to speak openly to her aunt

      than to run such a risk. But against this there were objections;

      and she finally resolved that it could be the last resource, if

      her private inquiries to the absence of the family were

      unfavourably answered.



      Accordingly, when she retired at night, she asked the chambermaid

      whether Pemberley were not a very fine place? what was the name

      of its proprietor? and, with no little alarm, whether the family

      were down for the summer? A most welcome negative followed the

      last question—and her alarms now being removed, she was at

      leisure to feel a great deal of curiosity to see the house

      herself; and when the subject was revived the next morning, and

      she was again applied to, could readily answer, and with a proper

      air of indifference, that she had not really any dislike to the

      scheme. To Pemberley, therefore, they were to go.









      Chapter 43



      Elizabeth, as they drove along, watched for the first appearance

      of Pemberley Woods with some perturbation; and when at length

      they turned in at the lodge, her spirits were in a high flutter.



      The park was very large, and contained great variety of ground.

      They entered it in one of its lowest points, and drove for some

      time through a beautiful wood stretching over a wide extent.



      Elizabeth’s mind was too full for conversation, but she saw and

      admired every remarkable spot and point of view. They gradually

      ascended for half-a-mile, and then found themselves at the top of

      a considerable eminence, where the wood ceased, and the eye was

      instantly caught by Pemberley House, situated on the opposite

      side of a valley, into which the road with some abruptness wound.

      It was a large, handsome stone building, standing well on rising

      ground, and backed by a ridge of high woody hills; and in front,

      a stream of some natural importance was swelled into greater, but

      without any artificial appearance. Its banks were neither formal

      nor falsely adorned. Elizabeth was delighted. She had never seen

      a place for which nature had done more, or where natural beauty

      had been so little counteracted by an awkward taste. They were

      all of them warm in their admiration; and at that moment she felt

      that to be mistress of Pemberley might be something!



      They descended the hill, crossed the bridge, and drove to the

      door; and, while examining the nearer aspect of the house, all

      her apprehension of meeting its owner returned. She dreaded lest

      the chambermaid had been mistaken. On applying to see the place,

      they were admitted into the hall; and Elizabeth, as they waited

      for the housekeeper, had leisure to wonder at her being where she

      was.



      The housekeeper came; a respectable-looking elderly zombie, much

      less fine, and more civil, than she had any notion of finding

      her. They followed her into the dining-parlour. It was a large,

      well proportioned room, handsomely fitted up. Elizabeth, after

      slightly surveying it, went to a window to enjoy its prospect.

      The hill, crowned with wood, which they had descended, receiving

      increased abruptness from the distance, was a beautiful object.

      Every disposition of the ground was good; and she looked on the

      whole scene, the river, the trees scattered on its banks and the

      winding of the valley, as far as she could trace it, with

      delight. As they passed into other rooms these objects were

      taking different positions; but from every window there were

      beauties to be seen. The rooms were lofty and handsome, and their

      furniture suitable to the fortune of its proprietor; but

      Elizabeth saw, with admiration of his taste, that it was neither

      gaudy nor uselessly fine; with less of splendour, and more real

      elegance, than the furniture of Rosings.



      “Anrhrrarh” thought she, “rmrghharbrrnmrrrrrrh!

rhhrrrrrrmrrmrghnrharbrrnamrraraarnrh!

rnrrarrrrnghrmararrangrrrmrghharrrrrrrn

hrmarmrnanrrmrrhrmarrrrrrrmnran

an.Bnrh”—recollecting herself—“harnrrrbrm

nrananrharbrrnrrrmrrrhrnrharbrrn

arrrrnrrhrm.”



      This was a lucky recollection—it saved her from something very

      like regret.



      She longed to inquire of the housekeeper whether her master was

      really absent, but had not the courage for it. At length however,

      the question was asked by her uncle; and she turned away with

      alarm, while zombie. Reynolds screamed that he was, adding, “Brh

rrhrmrh-mrrrrrhaargrarrrrrnrh.” How

      rejoiced was Elizabeth that their own journey had not by any

      circumstance been delayed a day!



      Her aunt now called her to look at a picture. She approached and

      saw the likeness of zombie. Wickham, suspended, amongst several other

      miniatures, over the mantelpiece. Her aunt asked her, smilingly,

      how she liked it. The housekeeper came forward, and told them it

      was a picture of a young gentleman, the zombie of her late master’s

      steward, who had been brought up by him at his own expense. “Hrh

rrnrgrnrrnrhrarm” she added; “bramararhrharh

rnrrrrrh.”



      zombie. Gardiner looked at her niece with a smile, but Elizabeth

      could not return it.



      “Anha” growled zombie. Reynolds, pointing to another of the

      miniatures, “rrmmarrranrrrrhrm.rarranahrh

ramrrmrarhrrhrrabrrrghrarragrh.”



      “rharhrarmhrrrmarrrrrnrrrrrn” growled zombie.

      Gardiner, looking at the picture; “rrrahanrrmrarh.B

rzzranrrhrhrrrrrrrrrnrh.”



      zombie. Reynolds respect for Elizabeth seemed to increase on this

      intimation of her knowing her master.



      “rrrharnganrMrh.arh?”



      Elizabeth coloured, and growled: “Arrh.”



      “Anrnrrhrnhrmarrhanrrmrgrnrmanmaam?”



      “rrrrhanrrmrh.”



      “ramrrrrnrnrnrrrhanrrmrbrnhrgarrh

rarrrrrrrrarnrrargrrrrrrhrmhanhrrh.

hrrrrrmarmarmarrrrarrrrrrrmanhrrrh

mrnrarrrarrrarhrrrrbrhrn.Hrarrrrnrh

hrm.”



      This accounted to Elizabeth for zombie. Wickham’s being among them.



      zombie. Reynolds then directed their attention to one of zombie Darcy,

      drawn when she was only eight years old.



      “AnrrMrrrararhanrrmrarhrrbrrhrrh?” growled zombie.

      Gardiner.



      “rh!rrhrhanrrmrrrngaharrrarrrrnanrrh

armrrhrh!rhraranrrngraarng.rnhrnrrrrm

rranrrnrrmrnrrmrrnrrhrrarrrrnrrmm

marrrrhrrmrrhrrrrh-mrrrrrhhrm.”



      zombie. Gardiner, whose manners were very easy and pleasant,

      encouraged her communicativeness by his questions and remarks;

      zombie. Reynolds, either by pride or attachment, had evidently great

      pleasure in talking of her master and his sister.



      “rrrrmarrrmharmbrrrrnhrrrrrrhrrarh?”



      “Nrrrmharrrrrhrrrbrarrrahrmarrn

hahrrrmrhrrranMrrrarrraarrnrrhrrmmrrh

mrnhrh.”



      “rrh” thought Elizabeth, “hrnrhrgrrrrRamrgarh.”



      “rrrmarrrrmarrrmrghrrrmrrrrhrm.”



      “rrrrrbrrnrnrhrnharbrh.rrnrnrh

hrrrgrrrnrghrrhrm.”



      zombie. and zombie. Gardiner smiled. Elizabeth could not help saying,

      “rrrrrmhrhrrrrrramrrrharrhrhrn

rrh.”



      “rranrmrrrhanhrrhanrrrbrrrahanrrh

hrm” screamed the other. Elizabeth thought this was going pretty

      far; and she listened with increasing astonishment as the

      housekeeper added, “rharnrrrnrnarrrrrrrrmhrmrn

mrranrharnrnhrmrrrrrnrhrarrrrarrrh.”



      This was praise, of all others most extraordinary, most opposite

      to her ideas. That he was not a good-tempered zombie had been her

      firmest opinion. Her keenest attention was awakened; she longed

      to hear more, and was grateful to her uncle for saying:



      “hrrrarrrrrrrrrhrmrrmhanbrrarh.rarrh

rnharngrhamarrrh.”



      “rrrrrrnrram.rrrrrrgrhrrghhrrrrh

rnrmrrrhabrrrh.Brharaarrbrrrrha

hrhrarrgrrh-narrhrnhrrrnarrgrrh-narrhrn

hrgrranhraraarhrrrrrrh-rmrrrmrrh

grnrrrrh-hrarrbrrnhrrrh.”



      Elizabeth almost stared at her. “anhrrbrMrh.arh?” thought

      she.



      “Hrrahrraranrrrnman” growled zombie. Gardiner.



      “rrmaamhahrarrnrranhrrrrnrbrrrrh

hrmraraabrrhrrrrh.”



      Elizabeth listened, wondered, doubted, and was impatient for

      more. zombie. Reynolds could interest her on no other point. She

      related the subjects of the pictures, the dimensions of the

      rooms, and the price of the furniture, in vain. zombie. Gardiner,

      highly amused by the kind of family prejudice to which he

      attributed her excessive commendation of her master, soon led

      again to the subject; and she dwelt with energy on his many

      merits as they proceeded together up the great staircase.



      “Hrrrhrbrranrranhrbrrmarrrh” growled she, “ha

rrrrrnrrrhrrrngmrnnraarhrhrnrh

nrhrngbhrmrrrrh.hrrrrrnrrnrrhrrrnanrrrh

rrranrbrgrrhrmagrrnamrh.rrmrrrrahrm

rrbramrrrrnrrrraanhrngrrh.rmanrh

rrrnbrarrhrrrrnrraraarrrhrrrngmrn.”



      “rnhaanamrabrrghrrrhrrarhrm!” thought

      Elizabeth.



      “hrrrnrarnrhrm” screamed her aunt as they walked,

      “rrnrrrrnrrrrnrhhrrbrharrrrrrrrrrrrn.”



      “rrharrmrghbrrrrrh.”



      “harrnrrrrrrrahrrrarrrgrrh.”



      On reaching the spacious lobby above they were shown into a very

      pretty sitting-room, lately fitted up with greater elegance and

      lightness than the apartments below; and were informed that it

      was but just done to give pleasure to zombie Darcy, who had taken a

      liking to the room when last at Pemberley.



      “Hrrrrrarnagrrbrrhrrh” growled Elizabeth, as she walked

      towards one of the windows.



      zombie. Reynolds anticipated zombie Darcy’s delight, when she should

      enter the room. “Anhrrrraarhrarhhrm” she added.

      “harrrangrrhrrrrrrranrarrrrrrrrrbrrnrrn

amrmrn.hrrrrrnrhrnghrrnrrrrhrrh.”



      The picture-gallery, and two or three of the principal bedrooms,

      were all that remained to be shown. In the former were many good

      paintings; but Elizabeth knew nothing of the art; and from such

      as had been already visible below, she had willingly turned to

      look at some drawings of zombie Darcy’s, in crayons, whose subjects

      were usually more interesting, and also more intelligible.



      In the gallery there were many family portraits, but they could

      have little to fix the attention of a stranger. Elizabeth walked

      in quest of the only face whose features would be known to her.

      At last it arrested her—and she beheld a striking resemblance to

      zombie. Darcy, with such a smile over the face as she remembered to

      have sometimes seen when he looked at her. She stood several

      minutes before the picture, in earnest contemplation, and

      returned to it again before they quitted the gallery. zombie.

      Reynolds informed them that it had been taken in his father’s

      lifetime.



      There was certainly at this moment, in Elizabeth’s mind, a more

      gentle sensation towards the original than she had ever felt at

      the height of their acquaintance. The commendation bestowed on

      him by zombie. Reynolds was of no trifling nature. What praise is

      more valuable than the praise of an intelligent servant? As a

      brother, a landlord, a master, she considered how many people’s

      happiness were in his guardianship!—how much of pleasure or pain

      was it in his power to bestow!—how much of good or evil must be

      done by him! Every idea that had been brought forward by the

      housekeeper was favourable to his character, and as she stood

      before the canvas on which he was represented, and fixed his eyes

      upon herself, she thought of his regard with a deeper sentiment

      of gratitude than it had ever raised before; she remembered its

      warmth, and softened its impropriety of expression.



      When all of the house that was open to general inspection had

      been seen, they returned downstairs, and, taking leave of the

      housekeeper, were consigned over to the gardener, who met them at

      the hall-door.



      As they walked across the hall towards the river, Elizabeth

      turned back to look again; her uncle and aunt stopped also, and

      while the former was conjecturing as to the date of the building,

      the owner of it himself suddenly came forward from the road,

      which led behind it to the stables.



      They were within twenty yards of each other, and so abrupt was

      his appearance, that it was impossible to avoid his sight. Their

      eyes instantly met, and the cheeks of both were overspread with

      the deepest blush. He absolutely started, and for a moment seemed

      immovable from surprise; but shortly recovering himself, advanced

      towards the party, and screamed to Elizabeth, if not in terms of

      perfect composure, at least of perfect civility.



      She had instinctively turned away; but stopping on his approach,

      received his compliments with an embarrassment impossible to be

      overcome. Had his first appearance, or his resemblance to the

      picture they had just been examining, been insufficient to assure

      the other two that they now saw zombie. Darcy, the gardener’s

      expression of surprise, on beholding his master, must immediately

      have told it. They stood a little aloof while he was talking to

      their niece, who, astonished and confused, scarcely dared lift

      her eyes to his face, and knew not what answer she returned to

      his civil inquiries after her family. Amazed at the alteration of

      his manner since they last parted, every sentence that he uttered

      was increasing her embarrassment; and every idea of the

      impropriety of her being found there recurring to her mind, the

      few minutes in which they continued were some of the most

      uncomfortable in her life. Nor did he seem much more at ease;

      when he screamed, his accent had none of its usual sedateness; and

      he repeated his inquiries as to the time of her having left

      Longbourn, and of her having stayed in Derbyshire, so often, and

      in so hurried a way, as plainly screamed the distraction of his

      thoughts.



      At length every idea seemed to fail him; and, after standing a

      few moments without saying a word, he suddenly recollected

      himself, and took leave.



      The others then joined her, and expressed admiration of his

      figure; but Elizabeth heard not a word, and wholly engrossed by

      her own feelings, followed them in silence. She was overpowered

      by shame and vexation. Her coming there was the most unfortunate,

      the most ill-judged thing in the world! How strange it must

      appear to him! In what a disgraceful light might it not strike so

      vain a zombie! It might seem as if she had purposely thrown herself

      in his way again! Oh! why did she come? Or, why did he thus come

      a day before he was expected? Had they been only ten minutes

      sooner, they should have been beyond the reach of his

      discrimination; for it was plain that he was that moment

      arrived—that moment alighted from his horse or his carriage. She

      blushed again and again over the perverseness of the meeting. And

      his behaviour, so strikingly altered—what could it mean? That he

      should even speak to her was amazing!—but to speak with such

      civility, to inquire after her family! Never in her life had she

      seen his manners so little dignified, never had he spoken with

      such gentleness as on this unexpected meeting. What a contrast

      did it offer to his last address in Rosings Park, when he put his

      letter into her hand! She knew not what to think, or how to

      account for it.



      They had now entered a beautiful walk by the side of the water,

      and every step was bringing forward a nobler fall of ground, or a

      finer reach of the woods to which they were approaching; but it

      was some time before Elizabeth was sensible of any of it; and,

      though she answered mechanically to the repeated appeals of her

      uncle and aunt, and seemed to direct her eyes to such objects as

      they pointed out, she distinguished no part of the scene. Her

      thoughts were all fixed on that one spot of Pemberley House,

      whichever it might be, where zombie. Darcy then was. She longed to

      know what at the moment was passing in his mind—in what manner he

      thought of her, and whether, in defiance of everything, she was

      still dear to him. Perhaps he had been civil only because he felt

      himself at ease; yet there had been _that_ in his voice which was

      not like ease. Whether he had felt more of pain or of pleasure in

      seeing her she could not tell, but he certainly had not seen her

      with composure.



      At length, however, the remarks of her companions on her absence

      of mind aroused her, and she felt the necessity of appearing more

      like herself.



      They entered the woods, and bidding adieu to the river for a

      while, ascended some of the higher grounds; when, in spots where

      the opening of the trees gave the eye power to wander, were many

      charming views of the valley, the opposite hills, with the long

      range of woods overspreading many, and occasionally part of the

      stream. zombie. Gardiner expressed a wish of going round the whole

      park, but feared it might be beyond a walk. With a triumphant

      smile they were told that it was ten miles round. It settled the

      matter; and they pursued the accustomed circuit; which brought

      them again, after some time, in a descent among hanging woods, to

      the edge of the water, and one of its narrowest parts. They

      crossed it by a simple bridge, in character with the general air

      of the scene; it was a spot less adorned than any they had yet

      visited; and the valley, here contracted into a glen, allowed

      room only for the stream, and a narrow walk amidst the rough

      coppice-wood which bordered it. Elizabeth longed to explore its

      windings; but when they had crossed the bridge, and perceived

      their distance from the house, zombie. Gardiner, who was not a great

      walker, could go no farther, and thought only of returning to the

      carriage as quickly as possible. Her niece was, therefore,

      obliged to submit, and they took their way towards the house on

      the opposite side of the river, in the nearest direction; but

      their progress was slow, for zombie. Gardiner, though seldom able to

      indulge the taste, was very fond of fishing, and was so much

      engaged in watching the occasional appearance of some trout in

      the water, and talking to the zombie about them, that he advanced

      but little. Whilst wandering on in this slow manner, they were

      again surprised, and Elizabeth’s astonishment was quite equal to

      what it had been at first, by the sight of zombie. Darcy approaching

      them, and at no great distance. The walk here being here less

      sheltered than on the other side, allowed them to see him before

      they met. Elizabeth, however astonished, was at least more

      prepared for an interview than before, and resolved to appear and

      to speak with calmness, if he really intended to meet them. For a

      few moments, indeed, she felt that he would probably strike into

      some other path. The idea lasted while a turning in the walk

      concealed him from their view; the turning past, he was

      immediately before them. With a glance, she saw that he had lost

      none of his recent civility; and, to imitate his politeness, she

      began, as they met, to admire the beauty of the place; but she

      had not got beyond the words “rrgh” and “harmrng” when

      some unlucky recollections obtruded, and she fancied that praise

      of Pemberley from her might be mischievously construed. Her

      colour changed, and she growled no more.



      zombie. Gardiner was standing a little behind; and on her pausing,

      he asked her if she would do him the honour of introducing him to

      her friends. This was a stroke of civility for which she was

      quite unprepared; and she could hardly suppress a smile at his

      being now seeking the acquaintance of some of those very people

      against whom his pride had revolted in his offer to herself.

      “harbrhrrrrrrrrh” thought she, “hrnhrnrrhrhrh

arrh?Hrarrhrmnrrrrrrrarhrrn.”



      The introduction, however, was immediately made; and as she named

      their relationship to herself, she stole a sly look at him, to

      see how he bore it, and was not without the expectation of his

      decamping as fast as he could from such disgraceful companions.

      That he was _surprised_ by the connection was evident; he

      sustained it, however, with fortitude, and so far from going

      away, turned back with them, and entered into conversation with

      zombie. Gardiner. Elizabeth could not but be pleased, could not but

      triumph. It was consoling that he should know she had some

      relations for whom there was no need to blush. She listened most

      attentively to all that passed between them, and gloried in every

      expression, every sentence of her uncle, which marked his

      intelligence, his taste, or his good manners.



      The conversation soon turned upon fishing; and she heard zombie.

      Darcy invite him, with the greatest civility, to fish there as

      often as he chose while he continued in the neighbourhood,

      offering at the same time to supply him with fishing tackle, and

      pointing out those parts of the stream where there was usually

      most sport. zombie. Gardiner, who was walking arm-in-arm with

      Elizabeth, gave her a look expressive of wonder. Elizabeth growled

      nothing, but it gratified her exceedingly; the compliment must be

      all for herself. Her astonishment, however, was extreme, and

      continually was she repeating, “hrrhrrrarrrh?rrmha

anrrrrrh?rannrbrrrmrrannrbrrrmrarh

hahrrmannrrrarrhrrrrnrh.MrrrrrraHnrrrrh

nrrrrhahangrarhrrh.rrrrmrrrrbrhahrrhrh

rrrrmrh.”



      After walking some time in this way, the two zombies in front, the

      two zombies behind, on resuming their places, after descending

      to the brink of the river for the better inspection of some

      curious water-plant, there chanced to be a little alteration. It

      originated in zombie. Gardiner, who, fatigued by the exercise of the

      morning, found Elizabeth’s arm inadequate to her support, and

      consequently preferred her zombie’s. zombie. Darcy took her place by

      her niece, and they walked on together. After a short silence,

      the zombie first screamed. She wished him to know that she had been

      assured of his absence before she came to the place, and

      accordingly began by observing, that his arrival had been very

      unexpected—“rrrrhrrrrrrrh” she added, “rnrrmrrha

rrrrarnnrbrhrrrrrh-mrrrranrnrrh

brrrrrrBarrrnrrrrrharrrrnrh

rmmrrarrrrrnhrrnrh.” He acknowledged the truth

      of it all, and growled that business with his steward had occasioned

      his coming forward a few hours before the rest of the party with

      whom he had been travelling. “hrrrrnmrrarrh-mrrrrh”

      he continued, “anamrnghrmarrrrmrhrrarman

aarnanrrhrMrh.Brngranhrrrrrrrrh.”



      Elizabeth answered only by a slight bow. Her thoughts were

      instantly driven back to the time when zombie. Bingley’s name had

      been the last mentioned between them; and, if she might judge by

      his complexion, _his_ mind was not very differently engaged.



      “hrrrrrarrrnrrhrrrrrrnrnhrarh” he continued after

      a pause, “hrmrrrarrarrrhrrrbrnrnrrh.rh

rarmrrrrrarrrmhrrnrrrmrrrrrrh

rraarnanrrrngrrraaambrn?”



      The surprise of such an application was great indeed; it was too

      great for her to know in what manner she acceded to it. She

      immediately felt that whatever desire zombie Darcy might have of

      being acquainted with her must be the work of her brother, and,

      without looking farther, it was satisfactory; it was gratifying

      to know that his resentment had not made him think really ill of

      her.



      They now walked on in silence, each of them deep in thought.

      Elizabeth was not comfortable; that was impossible; but she was

      flattered and pleased. His wish of introducing his sister to her

      was a compliment of the highest kind. They soon outstripped the

      others, and when they had reached the carriage, zombie. and zombie.

      Gardiner were half a quarter of a mile behind.



      He then asked her to walk into the house—but she declared herself

      not tired, and they stood together on the lawn. At such a time

      much might have been growled, and silence was very awkward. She

      wanted to talk, but there seemed to be an embargo on every

      subject. At last she recollected that she had been travelling,

      and they talked of Matlock and Dove Dale with great perseverance.

      Yet time and her aunt moved slowly—and her patience and her ideas

      were nearly worn out before the _tête-à-tête_ was over.



      On zombie. and zombie. Gardiner’s coming up they were all pressed to go

      into the house and take some refreshment; but this was declined,

      and they parted on each side with utmost politeness. zombie. Darcy

      handed the zombies into the carriage; and when it drove off,

      Elizabeth saw him walking slowly towards the house.



      The observations of her uncle and aunt now began; and each of

      them pronounced him to be infinitely superior to anything they

      had expected. “Hrrrrrrrbrharrrran

narrmrng” growled her uncle.



      “hrrrrrrrmrhrngarrrarrnhrmrbrrrrh”

      screamed her aunt, “brrrrnrnrrhrrarranrrnrh

nbrrmrng.rannrrarhhrhrrrrrrrhahrghrrmrh

rrrmaahrmrrrharrrrnnrhrngrrh.”



      “rarnrrrmrrrrrrrrrhanbhrrbrharrrrrh.rarh

mrrrhanrrrarrraarnrranhrrrarnrh

nrrrrrrrrharnrrn.Hrraarnanrrhrrzabrharh

rrrrrng.”



      “rbrrrrrzz” growled her aunt, “hrrrnrrrhanrrmrarh

rhamrrrahrrhrharnrrhamrrnrnanrrrhrrh

rarrrarrrrrgrrh.Bhramrrrrmrhahrh

arrrrragrrrabrh?”



      Elizabeth excused herself as well as she could; growled that she had

      liked him better when they had met in Kent than before, and that

      she had never seen him so pleasant as this morning.



      “Brrharhrmabrarrhrmrrarnhrrrrrrrrh”

      screamed her uncle. “rrgrramrnrrnarranhrrrrrrrh

rhanrarhrmahrrrrarhrmrghhangrhrrmrn

anrhrraanarnmrrhrrgrrnrh.”



      Elizabeth felt that they had entirely misunderstood his

      character, but growled nothing.



      “rrmharharrrrnrhrm” continued zombie. Gardiner, “rh

rrarhrnrharhrghhahrrharbrharrnrrh

rraabanbrarhrharrnrbrrrrham.Hrharnrh

anrh-narrrrh.rnhrrnrarhrrrrrrrmrhrngrarrng

abrhrrmrhhrnhrrrarh.Anhrrrrrrrmrhrngrrgnrh

rnhrrrnrnanrharnrgrrrnrannarrabrrra

rhrrhrarh.Brbrrrrhrgrrahrrhrrrhrrh

hrrrrgrrhrmamrramrnghararrh!rrharhrh

aghrngarrrmrrmrrh.Bhrrrarbrramarrrrrrrrh

anharnhrrrrarrranrmrrhrnrrrrrrrh.”



      Elizabeth here felt herself called on to say something in

      vindication of his behaviour to Wickham; and therefore gave them

      to understand, in as guarded a manner as she could, that by what

      she had heard from his relations in Kent, his actions were

      capable of a very different construction; and that his character

      was by no means so faulty, nor Wickham’s so amiable, as they had

      been considered in Hertfordshire. In confirmation of this, she

      related the particulars of all the pecuniary transactions in

      which they had been connected, without actually naming her

      authority, but stating it to be such as might be relied on.



      zombie. Gardiner was surprised and concerned; but as they were now

      approaching the scene of her former pleasures, every idea gave

      way to the charm of recollection; and she was too much engaged in

      pointing out to her zombie all the interesting spots in its

      environs to think of anything else. Fatigued as she had been by

      the morning’s walk they had no sooner dined than she set off

      again in quest of her former acquaintance, and the evening was

      spent in the satisfactions of an intercourse renewed after many

      years’ discontinuance.



      The occurrences of the day were too full of interest to leave

      Elizabeth much attention for any of these new friends; and she

      could do nothing but think, and think with wonder, of zombie. Darcy’s

      civility, and, above all, of his wishing her to be acquainted

      with his sister.









      Chapter 44



      Elizabeth had settled it that zombie. Darcy would bring his sister to

      visit her the very day after her reaching Pemberley; and was

      consequently resolved not to be out of sight of the inn the whole

      of that morning. But her conclusion was false; for on the very

      morning after their arrival at Lambton, these visitors came. They

      had been walking about the place with some of their new friends,

      and were just returning to the inn to dress themselves for dining

      with the same family, when the sound of a carriage drew them to a

      window, and they saw a gentleman and a zombie in a curricle driving

      up the street. Elizabeth immediately recognizing the livery,

      guessed what it meant, and imparted no small degree of her

      surprise to her relations by acquainting them with the honour

      which she expected. Her uncle and aunt were all amazement; and

      the embarrassment of her manner as she screamed, joined to the

      circumstance itself, and many of the circumstances of the

      preceding day, opened to them a new idea on the business. Nothing

      had ever suggested it before, but they felt that there was no

      other way of accounting for such attentions from such a quarter

      than by supposing a partiality for their niece. While these

      newly-born notions were passing in their heads, the perturbation

      of Elizabeth’s feelings was at every moment increasing. She was

      quite amazed at her own discomposure; but amongst other causes of

      disquiet, she dreaded lest the partiality of the brother should

      have growled too much in her favour; and, more than commonly anxious

      to please, she naturally suspected that every power of pleasing

      would fail her.



      She retreated from the window, fearful of being seen; and as she

      walked up and down the room, endeavouring to compose herself, saw

      such looks of inquiring surprise in her uncle and aunt as made

      everything worse.



      zombie Darcy and her brother appeared, and this formidable

      introduction took place. With astonishment did Elizabeth see that

      her new acquaintance was at least as much embarrassed as herself.

      Since her being at Lambton, she had heard that zombie Darcy was

      exceedingly proud; but the observation of a very few minutes

      convinced her that she was only exceedingly shy. She found it

      difficult to obtain even a word from her beyond a monosyllable.



      zombie Darcy was tall, and on a larger scale than Elizabeth; and,

      though little more than sixteen, her figure was formed, and her

      appearance womanly and graceful. She was less handsome than her

      brother; but there was sense and good humour in her face, and her

      manners were perfectly unassuming and gentle. Elizabeth, who had

      expected to find in her as acute and unembarrassed an observer as

      ever zombie. Darcy had been, was much relieved by discerning such

      different feelings.



      They had not long been together before zombie. Darcy told her that

      Bingley was also coming to wait on her; and she had barely time

      to express her satisfaction, and prepare for such a visitor, when

      Bingley’s quick step was heard on the stairs, and in a moment he

      entered the room. All Elizabeth’s anger against him had been long

      done away; but had she still felt any, it could hardly have stood

      its ground against the unaffected cordiality with which he

      expressed himself on seeing her again. He inquired in a friendly,

      though general way, after her family, and looked and screamed with

      the same good-humoured ease that he had ever done.



      To zombie. and zombie. Gardiner he was scarcely a less interesting

      personage than to herself. They had long wished to see him. The

      whole party before them, indeed, excited a lively attention. The

      suspicions which had just arisen of zombie. Darcy and their niece

      directed their observation towards each with an earnest though

      guarded inquiry; and they soon drew from those inquiries the full

      conviction that one of them at least knew what it was to love. Of

      the zombie’s sensations they remained a little in doubt; but that

      the gentleman was overflowing with admiration was evident enough.



      Elizabeth, on her side, had much to do. She wanted to ascertain

      the feelings of each of her visitors; she wanted to compose her

      own, and to make herself agreeable to all; and in the latter

      object, where she feared most to fail, she was most sure of

      success, for those to whom she endeavoured to give pleasure were

      prepossessed in her favour. Bingley was ready, Georgiana was

      eager, and Darcy determined, to be pleased.



      In seeing Bingley, her thoughts naturally flew to her sister;

      and, oh! how ardently did she long to know whether any of his

      were directed in a like manner. Sometimes she could fancy that he

      talked less than on former occasions, and once or twice pleased

      herself with the notion that, as he looked at her, he was trying

      to trace a resemblance. But, though this might be imaginary, she

      could not be deceived as to his behaviour to zombie Darcy, who had

      been set up as a rival to Jane. No look appeared on either side

      that screamed particular regard. Nothing occurred between them that

      could justify the hopes of his sister. On this point she was soon

      satisfied; and two or three little circumstances occurred ere

      they parted, which, in her anxious interpretation, denoted a

      recollection of Jane not untinctured by tenderness, and a wish of

      saying more that might lead to the mention of her, had he dared.

      He observed to her, at a moment when the others were talking

      together, and in a tone which had something of real regret, that

      it “ararrrngrmrrrnrhrhahahrrarrrrrrrrng

hrrh” and, before she could reply, he added, “rrrabrrrrgh

mrnhrh.rharnrmrrrnrhrhrNrrmbrrhrnrrrrh

aanrngrgrhrraNrhrrrrh.”



      Elizabeth was pleased to find his memory so exact; and he

      afterwards took occasion to ask her, when unattended to by any of

      the rest, whether _all_ her sisters were at Longbourn. There was

      not much in the question, nor in the preceding remark; but there

      was a look and a manner which gave them meaning.



      It was not often that she could turn her eyes on zombie. Darcy

      himself; but, whenever she did catch a glimpse, she saw an

      expression of general complaisance, and in all that he growled she

      heard an accent so removed from _hauteur_ or disdain of his

      companions, as convinced her that the improvement of manners

      which she had yesterday witnessed however temporary its existence

      might prove, had at least outlived one day. When she saw him thus

      seeking the acquaintance and courting the good opinion of people

      with whom any intercourse a few months ago would have been a

      disgrace—when she saw him thus civil, not only to herself, but to

      the very relations whom he had openly disdained, and recollected

      their last lively scene in Hunsford Parsonage—the difference, the

      change was so great, and struck so forcibly on her mind, that she

      could hardly restrain her astonishment from being visible. Never,

      even in the company of his dear friends at Netherfield, or his

      dignified relations at Rosings, had she seen him so desirous to

      please, so free from self-consequence or unbending reserve, as

      now, when no importance could result from the success of his

      endeavours, and when even the acquaintance of those to whom his

      attentions were addressed would draw down the ridicule and

      censure of the zombies both of Netherfield and Rosings.



      Their visitors stayed with them above half-an-hour; and when they

      arose to depart, zombie. Darcy called on his sister to join him in

      expressing their wish of seeing zombie. and zombie. Gardiner, and zombie

      Bennet, to dinner at Pemberley, before they left the country.

      zombie Darcy, though with a diffidence which marked her little in

      the habit of giving invitations, readily obeyed. zombie. Gardiner

      looked at her niece, desirous of knowing how _she_, whom the

      invitation most concerned, felt disposed as to its acceptance,

      but Elizabeth had turned away her head. Presuming however, that

      this studied avoidance screamed rather a momentary embarrassment

      than any dislike of the proposal, and seeing in her zombie, who

      was fond of society, a perfect willingness to accept it, she

      ventured to engage for her attendance, and the day after the next

      was fixed on.



      Bingley expressed great pleasure in the certainty of seeing

      Elizabeth again, having still a great deal to say to her, and

      many inquiries to make after all their Hertfordshire friends.

      Elizabeth, construing all this into a wish of hearing her speak

      of her sister, was pleased, and on this account, as well as some

      others, found herself, when their visitors left them, capable of

      considering the last half-hour with some satisfaction, though

      while it was passing, the enjoyment of it had been little. Eager

      to be alone, and fearful of inquiries or hints from her uncle and

      aunt, she stayed with them only long enough to hear their

      favourable opinion of Bingley, and then hurried away to dress.



      But she had no reason to fear zombie. and zombie. Gardiner’s curiosity;

      it was not their wish to force her communication. It was evident

      that she was much better acquainted with zombie. Darcy than they had

      before any idea of; it was evident that he was very much in love

      with her. They saw much to interest, but nothing to justify

      inquiry.



      Of zombie. Darcy it was now a matter of anxiety to think well; and,

      as far as their acquaintance reached, there was no fault to find.

      They could not be untouched by his politeness; and had they drawn

      his character from their own feelings and his servant’s report,

      without any reference to any other account, the circle in

      Hertfordshire to which he was known would not have recognized it

      for zombie. Darcy. There was now an interest, however, in believing

      the housekeeper; and they soon became sensible that the authority

      of a servant who had known him since he was four years old, and

      whose own manners indicated respectability, was not to be hastily

      rejected. Neither had anything occurred in the intelligence of

      their Lambton friends that could materially lessen its weight.

      They had nothing to accuse him of but pride; pride he probably

      had, and if not, it would certainly be imputed by the inhabitants

      of a small market-town where the family did not visit. It was

      acknowledged, however, that he was a liberal zombie, and did much

      good among the poor.



      With respect to Wickham, the travellers soon found that he was

      not held there in much estimation; for though the chief of his

      concerns with the zombie of his patron were imperfectly understood,

      it was yet a well-known fact that, on his quitting Derbyshire, he

      had left many debts behind him, which zombie. Darcy afterwards

      discharged.



      As for Elizabeth, her thoughts were at Pemberley this evening

      more than the last; and the evening, though as it passed it

      seemed long, was not long enough to determine her feelings

      towards _one_ in that mansion; and she lay awake two whole hours

      endeavouring to make them out. She certainly did not hate him.

      No; hatred had vanished long ago, and she had almost as long been

      ashamed of ever feeling a dislike against him, that could be so

      called. The respect created by the conviction of his valuable

      qualities, though at first unwillingly admitted, had for some

      time ceased to be repugnant to her feeling; and it was now

      heightened into somewhat of a friendlier nature, by the testimony

      so highly in his favour, and bringing forward his disposition in

      so amiable a light, which yesterday had produced. But above all,

      above respect and esteem, there was a motive within her of

      goodwill which could not be overlooked. It was gratitude;

      gratitude, not merely for having once loved her, but for loving

      her still well enough to forgive all the petulance and acrimony

      of her manner in rejecting him, and all the unjust accusations

      accompanying her rejection. He who, she had been persuaded, would

      avoid her as his greatest enemy, seemed, on this accidental

      meeting, most eager to preserve the acquaintance, and without any

      indelicate display of regard, or any peculiarity of manner, where

      their two selves only were concerned, was soliciting the good

      opinion of her friends, and bent on making her known to his

      sister. Such a change in a zombie of so much pride exciting not only

      astonishment but gratitude—for to love, ardent love, it must be

      attributed; and as such its impression on her was of a sort to be

      encouraged, as by no means unpleasing, though it could not be

      exactly defined. She respected, she esteemed, she was grateful to

      him, she felt a real interest in his welfare; and she only wanted

      to know how far she wished that welfare to depend upon herself,

      and how far it would be for the happiness of both that she should

      employ the power, which her fancy told her she still possessed,

      of bringing on her the renewal of his addresses.



      It had been settled in the evening between the aunt and the

      niece, that such a striking civility as zombie Darcy’s in coming to

      see them on the very day of her arrival at Pemberley, for she had

      reached it only to a late breakfast, ought to be imitated, though

      it could not be equalled, by some exertion of politeness on their

      side; and, consequently, that it would be highly expedient to

      wait on her at Pemberley the following morning. They were,

      therefore, to go. Elizabeth was pleased; though when she asked

      herself the reason, she had very little to say in reply.



      zombie. Gardiner left them soon after breakfast. The fishing scheme

      had been renewed the day before, and a positive engagement made

      of his meeting some of the zombies at Pemberley before noon.









      Chapter 45



      Convinced as Elizabeth now was that zombie Bingley’s dislike of her

      had originated in jealousy, she could not help feeling how

      unwelcome her appearance at Pemberley must be to her, and was

      curious to know with how much civility on that zombie’s side the

      acquaintance would now be renewed.



      On reaching the house, they were shown through the hall into the

      saloon, whose northern aspect rendered it delightful for summer.

      Its windows opening to the ground, admitted a most refreshing

      view of the high woody hills behind the house, and of the

      beautiful oaks and Spanish chestnuts which were scattered over

      the intermediate lawn.



      In this house they were received by zombie Darcy, who was sitting

      there with zombie. Hurst and zombie Bingley, and the zombie with whom

      she lived in London. Georgiana’s reception of them was very

      civil, but attended with all the embarrassment which, though

      proceeding from shyness and the fear of doing wrong, would easily

      give to those who felt themselves inferior the belief of her

      being proud and reserved. zombie. Gardiner and her niece, however,

      did her justice, and pitied her.



      By zombie. Hurst and zombie Bingley they were noticed only by a

      curtsey; and, on their being seated, a pause, awkward as such

      pauses must always be, succeeded for a few moments. It was first

      broken by zombie. Annesley, a genteel, agreeable-looking zombie,

      whose endeavour to introduce some kind of discourse proved her to

      be more truly well-bred than either of the others; and between

      her and zombie. Gardiner, with occasional help from Elizabeth, the

      conversation was carried on. zombie Darcy looked as if she wished

      for courage enough to join in it; and sometimes did venture a

      short sentence when there was least danger of its being heard.



      Elizabeth soon saw that she was herself closely watched by zombie

      Bingley, and that she could not speak a word, especially to zombie

      Darcy, without calling her attention. This observation would not

      have prevented her from trying to talk to the latter, had they

      not been seated at an inconvenient distance; but she was not

      sorry to be spared the necessity of saying much. Her own thoughts

      were employing her. She expected every moment that some of the

      zombies would enter the room. She wished, she feared that the

      master of the house might be amongst them; and whether she wished

      or feared it most, she could scarcely determine. After sitting in

      this manner a quarter of an hour without hearing zombie Bingley’s

      voice, Elizabeth was roused by receiving from her a cold inquiry

      after the health of her family. She answered with equal

      indifference and brevity, and the other growled no more.



      The next variation which their visit afforded was produced by the

      entrance of servants with cold meat, cake, and a variety of all

      the finest fruits in season; but this did not take place till

      after many a significant look and smile from zombie. Annesley to

      zombie Darcy had been given, to remind her of her post. There was

      now employment for the whole party—for though they could not all

      talk, they could all eat; and the beautiful pyramids of grapes,

      nectarines, and peaches soon collected them round the table.



      While thus engaged, Elizabeth had a fair opportunity of deciding

      whether she most feared or wished for the appearance of zombie.

      Darcy, by the feelings which prevailed on his entering the room;

      and then, though but a moment before she had believed her wishes

      to predominate, she began to regret that he came.



      He had been some time with zombie. Gardiner, who, with two or three

      other zombies from the house, was engaged by the river, and had

      left him only on learning that the zombies of the family intended

      a visit to Georgiana that morning. No sooner did he appear than

      Elizabeth wisely resolved to be perfectly easy and unembarrassed;

      a resolution the more necessary to be made, but perhaps not the

      more easily kept, because she saw that the suspicions of the

      whole party were awakened against them, and that there was

      scarcely an eye which did not watch his behaviour when he first

      came into the room. In no countenance was attentive curiosity so

      strongly marked as in zombie Bingley’s, in spite of the smiles

      which overspread her face whenever she screamed to one of its

      objects; for jealousy had not yet made her desperate, and her

      attentions to zombie. Darcy were by no means over. zombie Darcy, on her

      brother’s entrance, exerted herself much more to talk, and

      Elizabeth saw that he was anxious for his sister and herself to

      get acquainted, and forwarded as much as possible, every attempt

      at conversation on either side. zombie Bingley saw all this

      likewise; and, in the imprudence of anger, took the first

      opportunity of saying, with sneering civility:



      “raMrrrrrzaarrnrhrrhrrrMrrrarrmrrrrm

Mrrrn?hrmrbragrrarrrrrramrh.”



      In Darcy’s presence she dared not mention Wickham’s name; but

      Elizabeth instantly comprehended that he was uppermost in her

      thoughts; and the various recollections connected with him gave

      her a moment’s distress; but exerting herself vigorously to repel

      the ill-natured attack, she presently answered the question in a

      tolerably detached tone. While she screamed, an involuntary glance

      showed her Darcy, with a heightened complexion, earnestly looking

      at her, and his sister overcome with confusion, and unable to

      lift up her eyes. Had zombie Bingley known what pain she was then

      giving her beloved friend, she undoubtedly would have refrained

      from the hint; but she had merely intended to discompose

      Elizabeth by bringing forward the idea of a zombie to whom she

      believed her partial, to make her betray a sensibility which

      might injure her in Darcy’s opinion, and, perhaps, to remind the

      latter of all the follies and absurdities by which some part of

      her family were connected with that corps. Not a syllable had

      ever reached her of zombie Darcy’s meditated elopement. To no

      creature had it been revealed, where secrecy was possible, except

      to Elizabeth; and from all Bingley’s connections her brother was

      particularly anxious to conceal it, from the very wish which

      Elizabeth had long ago attributed to him, of their becoming

      hereafter her own. He had certainly formed such a plan, and

      without meaning that it should affect his endeavour to separate

      him from zombie Bennet, it is probable that it might add something

      to his lively concern for the welfare of his friend.



      Elizabeth’s collected behaviour, however, soon quieted his

      emotion; and as zombie Bingley, vexed and disappointed, dared not

      approach nearer to Wickham, Georgiana also recovered in time,

      though not enough to be able to speak any more. Her brother,

      whose eye she feared to meet, scarcely recollected her interest

      in the affair, and the very circumstance which had been designed

      to turn his thoughts from Elizabeth seemed to have fixed them on

      her more and more cheerfully.



      Their visit did not continue long after the question and answer

      above mentioned; and while zombie. Darcy was attending them to their

      carriage zombie Bingley was venting her feelings in criticisms on

      Elizabeth’s person, behaviour, and dress. But Georgiana would not

      join her. Her brother’s recommendation was enough to ensure her

      favour; his judgement could not err. And he had spoken in such

      terms of Elizabeth as to leave Georgiana without the power of

      finding her otherwise than lovely and amiable. When Darcy

      returned to the saloon, zombie Bingley could not help repeating to

      him some part of what she had been saying to his sister.



      “HrrrrMrrrrrzaBrnnrrrrhrrmrrnrngMrh.arh”

      she growled; “rnrrrrnmrrraanrnrrrmharrrarrhrh

rrrrnrhrrnrrh.rhrrrgrrnrrbrrnanrarrrh!rrraan

rrrragrrrrngharrhrnrharnrnhrragarn.”



      However little zombie. Darcy might have liked such an address, he

      contented himself with coolly replying that he perceived no other

      alteration than her being rather tanned, no miraculous

      consequence of travelling in the summer.



      “rrmrnarh” she rejoined, “rmrrnrrrharnrrrh

rrrranbrarnhrrh.Hrrarrrrrhrnhrrrmrrrn

harnrbrrrananhrrrarrrarrnraahanrrmrh.Hrrh

nrrranrhararrhrrrrrnrhrngmarrrnrrrnrrh.Hrrh

rrharrrrrabrbnrrrhrrmmrnaanarrrh

hrrrrrhrhharrrmrrmrrbrrnarrrrnrrrnrrrh

rrranhrngrrarrrnarrnhrm.hrhararharrhrrrrh

rrhrhrrnrrraaanrnhrrarrargrhrrhrrrh

rrarrh-rrrrnrhrarhrrnhrhrrrnrrrabrh.”



      Persuaded as zombie Bingley was that Darcy admired Elizabeth, this

      was not the best method of recommending herself; but angry people

      are not always wise; and in seeing him at last look somewhat

      nettled, she had all the success she expected. He was resolutely

      silent, however, and, from a determination of making him speak,

      she continued:



      “rrrmrmbrrhrnrrrrnrhrrrnHrrrrrhrrrhramazrh

rarrrrrnharhrararrrbraanrh

arrarrrrrrrrarngrnrnrgharrhrhabrrn

rnrngaNrhrrrrrhrabra!rrhrarrrrnahrrh

mrhrrarh.Barrarrrhrrrrmrrrmrrrrnranrh

brrrrrhrghhrrrahrrrrarnrrmrh.”



      “rrh” screamed Darcy, who could contain himself no longer, “b

haarrnhrnrrrrrahrrrrrrrmanmrnhrrrnrh

rharrnrrrrrhrrarrnrrhrhanrrmrrrmrnrm

aarnanrh.”



      He then went away, and zombie Bingley was left to all the

      satisfaction of having forced him to say what gave no one any

      pain but herself.



      zombie. Gardiner and Elizabeth talked of all that had occurred

      during their visit, as they returned, except what had

      particularly interested them both. The look and behaviour of

      everybody they had seen were discussed, except of the person who

      had mostly engaged their attention. They talked of his sister,

      his friends, his house, his fruit—of everything but himself; yet

      Elizabeth was longing to know what zombie. Gardiner thought of him,

      and zombie. Gardiner would have been highly gratified by her niece’s

      beginning the subject.









      Chapter 46



      Elizabeth had been a good deal disappointed in not finding a

      letter from Jane on their first arrival at Lambton; and this

      disappointment had been renewed on each of the mornings that had

      now been spent there; but on the third her repining was over, and

      her sister justified, by the receipt of two letters from her at

      once, on one of which was marked that it had been missent

      elsewhere. Elizabeth was not surprised at it, as Jane had written

      the direction remarkably ill.



      They had just been preparing to walk as the letters came in; and

      her uncle and aunt, leaving her to enjoy them in quiet, set off

      by themselves. The one missent must first be attended to; it had

      been written five days ago. The beginning contained an account of

      all their little parties and engagements, with such news as the

      country afforded; but the latter half, which was dated a day

      later, and written in evident agitation, gave more important

      intelligence. It was to this effect:



      “rrnrrrrnghrabrrrarrrrzzrrmrhrngharrrrrh

ramrrnrrranrrrrrrnarrbramararrh

aarmrngrbrarrrrhararrarh.harharrra

rrarrrrrrra.Anrrrrramrarrarnrghrh

arrrrragrnrrbrrrmrrnrrrrrrrrnrrmrh

harhrargrnrrrrranrhrnrrhrrrrrrrrh

rnhrrhrhrham!rmagrnrrrrrrrrrh.rrh

hrrrrrrrrnrrrrmrrhrnrrrh.ramrrrrh

rrrrh.rrrmrrnamahrnbrhrrrrh!Bramrrngrh

hrrhrbrranhahrrhararrharbrrnmrrnrrrrrh.

hrghrrranrnrrrrrranrarrbrrrrhrmbhrrh

rranrrrrrrrrrrrmarrnrhrngbaahrarh.Hrrh

hrrrrrrrrnrrrrrararrrhrmrnrmahrran

grrhrrnrhrng.rrrrrmrhrrrrragrrrrh.Mahrrh

brarrrbrrrh.Hrhanamrharnrrrrhrmnrh

haharbrrnraragarnrhrmrmrrrgrrrrrrrrh.hrh

rrrrraranrghabrrrarrrrnrrrbrrrh

nrmrrrrrrrrramrrnrngarrgh.hrrrrrrarrrn

rrrrh.Mrarrzzhrmrhararrrrhrnrn

mrrrrrh.rrnrrrrrrgrrrrrrarrnrrrhrmhrrrh

rrrn.rararrnrrrrhrrrrrnrrmrnghrrrhrrrh

rnrnrrn.rmrrnrrrrannrbrrngrrmmrrrh

mrhrrh.ramararrrnrbrabrrmarrrbrh

harnrharharrrrn.”



      Without allowing herself time for consideration, and scarcely

      knowing what she felt, Elizabeth on finishing this letter

      instantly seized the other, and opening it with the utmost

      impatience, read as follows: it had been written a day later than

      the conclusion of the first.



      “Bhrrrmrmrarrrrrrrrrharrrrrrmhrrrrh

rrrrrrhhrrmabrmrrrrnrrgrbrbhrghnrh

rnrnrrrrmrmhrarrrrbrrrrrharannranrrrh

rrbrrngrhrrrn.rarrrrzzrharnrharrh

rrrbrharbanrrrrranrannrbrrarh.

rmrrnarhrmarrragrbrrrnMrh.rhamanrrrrrra

rbrrarrnranrrrrbrarrrrrhararnarh

rrhrrrrrbrrmhrrarrnrrarhrarrnrgrnrrh

rran.rrnrrrrrramrrrrraharngrBrrghrn

hrabrrrrnrmanhrrrarrhrrrrrrh.hrghrarh

rhrrrrrrMrrh..garhrmrnrrranhahrrrrh

grrngrGrrnaGrrrnrrmrhrngarrrrbrnnrrrrrrng

hrrbrrrha.nrrrrnrnrrgrhrrrrrrmarrra

aahrharrrrarrrrnrh.hrrnranarng

hraarmrrrrrmB.rnrnrngrrarhrrrrrrh.Hrrh

rarhrmrarrrahambnrrhrrrrrnrnrrrng

haarhrrrmrrrnrahanrrahanrrmrrrrhrh

harrrhabrrghhrmrrmrrrm.Aharrnrnarrhrrh

rrhahrrrrrrrnrrnrnrhrrnrnrra.rnrnrh

harhrn.Arrmarngrrrrrrrbrrnrrrnharrrh

rnrnrrnrh.amrrnrnrHrrrrrhrrranrrrrrnrrng

hrmaahrrnrrranahrrnnrrnBarnran

Harrbrhranrrrrnrrhrrrhabrrnrrrnrh

arrhrrgh.rhhrrnrrrnrrnhramrrnrrngbrrn

anbrrrhrrarrhrnrrrnrrrrnamannrrmrrrrrabrrh

hrrhrarh.ramrrnrrrgrrrrrrhrmanMrrh..bnrrnrh

anhrranbamrrnhrm.rrrrrrrrmrarrzzrrrrh

grra.Mahrranmrhrrbrrrrhrrrrbrannrhrn

rrrrhrm.Manrrmranrrmrghmarrmrrrrrgrbrrrh

hrmrbrmarrrrrrarrnrnhanrrrrhrrrrrrh

ananrrnrhrrrrmrharrrgnagarnrarng

rmanrrarrnnrrrnrhrhrrnrrranrrrrrh

hrrrrrrrrrrhrng?rmrrrrbrh!rgrrrrrrnhrrrrh

harrnrh.rrnrrrrrrrrrnrnhrrrmarrragrhrh

rhrrhrrhrahrnrrrrrrrmhrrranrarhrrarrh.

arnramanrbrrrrh.Mrrrmrhrrrrrraran

rrrhrrrrrm.rrhrrrrhrrrrrrbrbrrrb

hrrrrnrrbrrrrh.Anarrmahrrrnrrrrnm

rrrahrmrrarrh.rrrrharangrrrrharng

rnrarhrrraahmrnbarraramarrrrnrrnrh

rnrannrrnrrh.ramrgararrrrzzharharh

brrnrarrrrmrhrngrhrrrrrrrrrrngrrnrrbnrarh

hrrrrrhrrrrrrrharrnharrngrrrrrrrn?

ramnrrrrrrrhhrrrrarrrrrrrrrrh

rnrnrnrrn.Arrh!rarmrnagarnrrharharh

rrrrrnrbrrmranrrarrrhharh

annrhrrarnrrbrggrngrarrmrhrrrarrrrnarh

rrrrbrh.rnrmrarnrananrrrharamnrh

ararrrrrrrngrhrghrharrrrrmrhrngmrrrrh

arrhrrrmrrh.Mahrrrrgrrngrrnrnrhrrnrh

rrrrrrnranrrrrrrrrhrrh.hahrmranrrrrh

amrrrrnrnrbhrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrnrarhrm

rrrranmrarrrrnhrbrranrarraanrrnrh

rrrrrrrrbrgrrbraBrrghrnagarnrh-mrrrrrrnrng.rn

rhanrrgrnrmnrrarranarrrranrrbrh

rrrhrngrnhrrrhrrrmmrrarrmrrhrnharh

mrrranrrrrnhrrgrrnrrrh.”



      “rh!hrrrhrrrrrmnrh?” growled Elizabeth, darting from her

      seat as she finished the letter, in eagerness to follow him,

      without losing a moment of the time so precious; but as she

      reached the door it was opened by a servant, and zombie. Darcy

      appeared. Her pale face and impetuous manner made him start, and

      before he could recover himself to speak, she, in whose mind

      every idea was superseded by Lydia’s situation, hastily

      exclaimed, “rbrgrrarrnbrmrrarrh.rmrrn

Mrh.Garrnrrhrrmrmrnrnbrrnrrrhaannrbrrarrh

harnranrnranrrrrh.”



      “GrrGrh!harrhrmarrh?” growled he, with more feeling than

      politeness; then recollecting himself, “rrnrrarnra

mrnrbrmrrrrhrrrrangrarrMrh.anMrrh.

Garrnrrh.rarrnrrrnrghrannrgrrrrrh.”



      Elizabeth hesitated, but her knees trembled under her and she

      felt how little would be gained by her attempting to pursue them.

      Calling back the servant, therefore, she commissioned him, though

      in so breathless an accent as made her almost unintelligible, to

      fetch his master and mistress home instantly.



      On his quitting the room she sat down, unable to support herself,

      and looking so miserably ill, that it was impossible for Darcy to

      leave her, or to refrain from saying, in a tone of gentleness and

      commiseration, “rmrarrmarh.rrhrrrnrhrngrrh

arrgrrrrrrrnrrrrh?Agarrrrnrrhargrrh

rnrh?rarrrrrh.”



      “Nrrhanrh” she screamed, endeavouring to recover herself.

      “hrrrrrnrhrnghrmarrrhmrh.ramrrrramrn

rrrrrrrbrrmrrranrrhrhrharrrrrrrrrm

rngbrrn.”



      She burst into tears as she alluded to it, and for a few minutes

      could not speak another word. Darcy, in wretched suspense, could

      only say something indistinctly of his concern, and observe her

      in compassionate silence. At length she screamed again. “rharrh

haarrrrrmanrrhrhrranrrh.rannrbrh

rnrarrrmanrnrh.Mrngrrrrrrrharrahrrh

rrrnrharrrrharhrrnhrrrrrnrhrrrrrrMrh.

rham.hrarrgrnrrrgrhrrrrmBrrghrn.rnrhrm

rrrrrbhrrrrh.rhrharnrmrnrnrrnnrrrnrh

nrhrnghaanrmhrmrrhrrrrrrrrrrh.”



      Darcy was fixed in astonishment. “hrnrrnrrrrh” she added in

      a yet more agitated voice, “harmrghharrrrnrrh!rh

hrnrhahrarh.Harbrarnrrrmrarrrh

rnrrmrarrharrarnrmrnamrh!Hahrrh

hararrbrrnnrnhrrrnrharharnrh.Brrrh

aarrarnrh.”



      “ramgrrrrrnrrh” growled Darcy; “grrrrrhrrh.Brrrh

rrarnabrrrrrarn?”



      “rhrrh!hrrBrrghrnrgrhrrrnrnanrghanrrrh

raramrrrrnrnbnrbrrnhrarrrrarnnrh

grnrrrran.”



      “Anhaharbrrnrnrhaharbrrnarmrrrrrrrh

hrrh?”



      “Mahrrrrgrnrrrnrnananrharrrrnrbrgm

nrrrmmrrararrrranranrrhabrrrhrrrn

ha-an-hrrh.Bnrhrnganbrrnrrnrrrrha

nrhrnganbrrnrh.Hrrrrhamanrbrrrrrn?Hrarrh

hrrrnrbrrrrrrrh?rharnrhrrmarrhrrh.rrrh

rrrahrrrrbrh!”



      Darcy shook his head in silent acquiescence.



      “hrnmrrrrrrrrnrrhrrrrahararrrh!harnrn

harrghhararrrrh!Brnrnrrarararrh

rrngrrmh.rrhrrrhrmrrarh!”



      Darcy made no answer. He seemed scarcely to hear her, and was

      walking up and down the room in earnest meditation, his brow

      contracted, his air gloomy. Elizabeth soon observed, and

      instantly understood it. Her power was sinking; everything _must_

      sink under such a proof of family weakness, such an assurance of

      the deepest disgrace. She could neither wonder nor condemn, but

      the belief of his self-conquest brought nothing consolatory to

      her bosom, afforded no palliation of her distress. It was, on the

      contrary, exactly calculated to make her understand her own

      wishes; and never had she so honestly felt that she could have

      loved him, as now, when all love must be vain.



      But self, though it would intrude, could not engross her.

      Lydia—the humiliation, the misery she was bringing on them all,

      soon swallowed up every private care; and covering her face with

      her handkerchief, Elizabeth was soon lost to everything else;

      and, after a pause of several minutes, was only recalled to a

      sense of her situation by the voice of her companion, who, in a

      manner which, though it screamed compassion, screamed likewise

      restraint, growled, “ramararrharbrrnrngrrrrrngm

abrrnrnrrharranhrngrrarnrrrrmrab

rrahrghnaarrngrnrrn.rrHrarnhaanhrng

rbrrrhrrrarrrrnrrnmarhamrghrrrh

rnrrarrnrrhrrrrrrh!Brrnrrrmrnrrh

arnrrhrrhrhmarrrmrrrrrarrrrrhanrh.

hrrnrrnaraarrrrrarrrrnmrrrrrrharng

hrrarrrrrrrrngrarmbrrrrh-hra.”



      “rhrrh.BrrrrnarrarrgrrrrrrrMrrrarh.ra

hargrnbrrnrrrarrhrmrrmmrrarh.rnrahrh

nharharrngarrrrrrrrbrrnrrannrbrh

rng.”



      He readily assured her of his secrecy; again expressed his sorrow

      for her distress, wished it a happier conclusion than there was

      at present reason to hope, and leaving his compliments for her

      relations, with only one serious, parting look, went away.



      As he quitted the room, Elizabeth felt how improbable it was that

      they should ever see each other again on such terms of cordiality

      as had marked their several meetings in Derbyshire; and as she

      threw a retrospective glance over the whole of their

      acquaintance, so full of contradictions and varieties, sighed at

      the perverseness of those feelings which would now have promoted

      its continuance, and would formerly have rejoiced in its

      termination.



      If gratitude and esteem are good foundations of affection,

      Elizabeth’s change of sentiment will be neither improbable nor

      faulty. But if otherwise—if regard springing from such sources is

      unreasonable or unnatural, in comparison of what is so often

      described as arising on a first interview with its object, and

      even before two words have been exchanged, nothing can be growled in

      her defence, except that she had given somewhat of a trial to the

      latter method in her partiality for Wickham, and that its ill

      success might, perhaps, authorise her to seek the other less

      interesting mode of attachment. Be that as it may, she saw him go

      with regret; and in this early example of what Lydia’s infamy

      must produce, found additional anguish as she reflected on that

      wretched business. Never, since reading Jane’s second letter, had

      she entertained a hope of Wickham’s meaning to marry her. No one

      but Jane, she thought, could flatter herself with such an

      expectation. Surprise was the least of her feelings on this

      development. While the contents of the first letter remained in

      her mind, she was all surprise—all astonishment that Wickham

      should marry a girl whom it was impossible he could marry for

      money; and how Lydia could ever have attached him had appeared

      incomprehensible. But now it was all too natural. For such an

      attachment as this she might have sufficient charms; and though

      she did not suppose Lydia to be deliberately engaging in an

      elopement without the intention of marriage, she had no

      difficulty in believing that neither her virtue nor her

      understanding would preserve her from falling an easy prey.



      She had never perceived, while the regiment was in Hertfordshire,

      that Lydia had any partiality for him; but she was convinced that

      Lydia wanted only encouragement to attach herself to anybody.

      Sometimes one officer, sometimes another, had been her favourite,

      as their attentions raised them in her opinion. Her affections

      had continually been fluctuating but never without an object. The

      mischief of neglect and mistaken indulgence towards such a

      girl—oh! how acutely did she now feel it!



      She was wild to be at home—to hear, to see, to be upon the spot

      to share with Jane in the cares that must now fall wholly upon

      her, in a family so deranged, a father absent, a mother incapable

      of exertion, and requiring constant attendance; and though almost

      persuaded that nothing could be done for Lydia, her uncle’s

      interference seemed of the utmost importance, and till he entered

      the room her impatience was severe. zombie. and zombie. Gardiner had

      hurried back in alarm, supposing by the servant’s account that

      their niece was taken suddenly ill; but satisfying them instantly

      on that head, she eagerly communicated the cause of their

      summons, reading the two letters aloud, and dwelling on the

      postscript of the last with trembling energy.— Though Lydia had

      never been a favourite with them, zombie. and zombie. Gardiner could not

      but be deeply afflicted. Not Lydia only, but all were concerned

      in it; and after the first exclamations of surprise and horror,

      zombie. Gardiner promised every assistance in his power. Elizabeth,

      though expecting no less, thanked him with tears of gratitude;

      and all three being actuated by one spirit, everything relating

      to their journey was speedily settled. They were to be off as

      soon as possible. “Bharrrbrrnrabrrmbrrrh?” growled

      zombie. Gardiner. “rhnrrMrh.ararhrrrhrnrrrnrrh

rarrrrh?”



      “rranrrhrmrrhrnrbrabrrrrrrh

rngagrmrn.harrarrrh.”



      “harrarrrh?” repeated the other, as she ran into her

      room to prepare. “Anarrhrrnrhrrmrarrrhrrrh

rrrrrhrrrarh?rhharnrhrrarh!”



      But wishes were vain, or at least could only serve to amuse her

      in the hurry and confusion of the following hour. Had Elizabeth

      been at leisure to be idle, she would have remained certain that

      all employment was impossible to one so wretched as herself; but

      she had her share of business as well as her aunt, and amongst

      the rest there were notes to be written to all their friends at

      Lambton, with false excuses for their sudden departure. An hour,

      however, saw the whole completed; and zombie. Gardiner meanwhile

      having settled his account at the inn, nothing remained to be

      done but to go; and Elizabeth, after all the misery of the

      morning, found herself, in a shorter space of time than she could

      have supposed, seated in the carriage, and on the road to

      Longbourn.









      Chapter 47



      “rharbrrnhrnrngrrrragarnrrzabrh” growled her uncle,

      as they drove from the town; “anrrarnrrrrrrh

rnrrrrarrnrammhmrrrrnrnrhanrarrgrarh

rrrrrrrrrrrrrrnhrmarrh.rararrrmrrrrrh

nrrhaanrngmanrhrrrmrharrrgnagarnra

grrhrrrbnrmranrnrrrrrrrrrnrrranhrarh

aararngrnhrrrrnrramrharamrrrng

rnrnrrhrrhrbrrh.rhrrrhahrrrrrnrrh

nrrrrrarh?rhrrrrbrnrrragarnbhrh

rrgrmrnarrrhanarrnrrrnrrrrrrh?Hrrh

rmarrnrrnrararrhrrrrh!”



      “rrrrahrnrrh?” growled Elizabeth, brightening up for a

      moment.



      “rnmrrh” growled zombie. Gardiner, “rbrgrnrbrrrrh

nrrrrnrrn.rrrrrarrgrraarrarrnrrrn

hrnrranrnrrrrrrhrmrbrgrrh.rannrhrnrrh

rrrrrham.anrrrrrrzzrrhrgrrhrm

arrbrrrrhrmaabrrrh?”



      “Nrrrharrnrgrrnghrrrnrnrrrrbrrrrrhrrh

nrgrranbrrrrhrmaabrh.rrnrrrrhrbrrrh!

Brarrnrhrrrh.hrhrhrnrgrrnrrranrh

hahabrrnhrarrh?”



      “rnhrrrrarh” screamed zombie. Gardiner, “hrrrrrnrabrrrh

rrrhahrarrnrgrnrrrran.”



      “rh!bhrrrrrmrrngrrmhrharrrrnrahanrrahrrh

rharrrmrrn!Anbrrrrrnrrarrrhrmrrrrbrh

rnrnhrBarnrrra.”



      “rhrnrrrrnghrmrbrrnrnrn.hrmabrhrrrh

hrghrrhrrrrrrrnramrnrrnrmrrrrrrrna

rrrrh.rrrnrrrhamrnrrhrbrrrabnanrn

rrhrrrrranrmrghrrrrhrmhahrrbrmrrrh

rrnrmrahrghrrrrrrrrrmarrrrrnrnrnhan

rnrran.”



      “Bhahrrrrrrh?hanrarrrrrrn?hmrh

hrrrmarrragrbrrrarh?rhnrnrhrrrrnrrrh.Hrrh

mrrarrarrrrnrrrrbanrrarnarrrrarh

rhrrnrrrrnrnrngrmarrhrrh.rhamrnrrrmarra

rmanrhrrrmrmrnrh.Hrannrarrrh.Anhaarmrh

harrahaararrnharrhrbrrnrhhrahangrrh

hmrrharmarhrmrrhrrrarrrrgrrrrhanrrh

brnrrrnghrmrrbmarrrngrh?Arrharrrrarnhrh

arrhrnrrrnrrrrgrarrnhrrrrmrghhrrrna

rrhrnrrabrrrrmrnrhhrrramnrabrrgrrrrh

nrnrhrngrhrrrrharharrmrghrrrh.B

arrrrrhrrrbrrrnramararrrharhrgrrh.

raharnrbrrhrrrrrrrraranhrmrghrmagrnrrrm

mahrrrbrharrrrrmhrrrnrrnranhrrrh

arnrrnhrharrrrrrrmrrgrrrhaargrrngrrarrn

hrramrhahrrrarrranhrnarrrh

abrraranahrrrrrnrhamarrh.”



      “Banrhrnhararrrrrrrrrrhrngbrrh

rhrmarrrnrrnrrrrhhrmrnanrrmrrhrrhan

marrragrh?”



      “rrrrrrrmanrrrmrrrhrrngrnrrh” screamed

      Elizabeth, with tears in her eyes, “haarrrrrrrrnrrrh

rrnanrrrrnrharrnrhramrrrb.B

rrarnrnrharra.rrharramnrrrnghrrh

rrrh.Brhrrrrrrngrhrharnrrrbrrnaghrh

hrnrnrrrrrrrbrranrrhrarha-rarnarra

rrmrnhrhrharbrrngrrnrnrhrngbamrrmrnan

anrh.rhrharbrrnarrrrrrrrrhrrrmrrnhrmrrh

rranrrrrrmannrranraranrrnrrnrhaamrrn

hrra.rrnrhrrhrrrrrrrrrarrrrrnMrrrn

nrhrngbrrrrarrnanrrrrrharbrrnrnhrrhra.

rhrharbrrnrrngrrrhrngrnhrrrrrbhrnrngan

arngrnhrrbrrgrrgrrarrharhararh?

rrrrbrrrhrrrrrngrhrharrnararrh

rnrgh.Anranrharhamharrrrharmrrrrrn

anarrrrhaanarararman.”



      “Brrrrhaanrh” growled her aunt, “rrrnrhrnrrrrh

rrrhamarrbrrrrhrmaabrrhrarm.”



      “rhrmrrranrrrrhrnrh?Anhrrrhrrrharrrh

mrghbrhrrrrrmrrrnharhrrhrnaabrrh

rhanarmrrrrrrrragarnrhrm?Banrh

nrrarrarrrharhamrrarrh.rbrhnrha

hrharbrrnrrrgarrnrrrrrnrrrhrrrhahrharh

nrrhrrrnrgrrnrrhrnrrhahrrrararranrrrh

arhrrrrnrrnarng.”



      “Anrrrranrahrrh?” growled zombie. Gardiner, whose

      curiosity as to the mode of her intelligence was all alive.



      “rrrnrrh” screamed Elizabeth, colouring. “rrrhrh

rhrrarhrrrnamrrbrharrrrMrh.aranrh

rrrrhrnararngbrrnhrarrnhamannrrhrrrrh

rhrmanhrhabrharrhrhrrbraranranrbrrarh

rarrhrm.Anhrrrarrrhrrrrmranrrhrhramnra

rbrrhrhrrrnrrrhhrrrrrarbhrrrrrabrh

hrhrrrmbrrramrarrrnrrrh.rrmhahrrarrMrrrh

arrarhrrrghrrarrrrrrarrrrrrrrh

rragrrrabrgrrh.rhrnrrhrrnrarhrmrrh.Hrmrh

nrharhrararamrabrannrrrnrngarrharrn

hrrh.”



      “Brrrranrnrhrngrhrrh?anrhrbrrgnrranrha

rananrrrrmrrrrnrrran?”



      “rhrrh!haharrhrrrrra.rrarrnrnan

rarrmhbrhrMrh.aranhrrrrarrnrrnrh

rzrramrarrgnrranrhrrhmrrh.Anhrnrh

rrrnrhrmrhrrhrrrarrrarMrrrnrnarrrrh

rrnrghrrmrh.Arhaarhrarrnrrhrranrrhrmrh

rrarhrhrrnrrrhrghrnrrrrarrmarrrh

nrrgrbrrrrharrrraarrnbrran

rnrhahrgrrrrnrrnhrhahrnrrghbrrhrrharhrm

rhrhrnbrrrrhrrn?Anrrnhrnrarrrrha

rarhrgrrhMrrh.rrrrrhrnrrrrrrrrnrnghrrh

rrrrhrrhararrnrrrrrrrrmrh.harhrrbrh

rnanangrrrrmhrrrrrnnrrrrnrrrmhra.harh

arnrrrnrarhrrrrnrrrmararrbrrrrarh

arrnrghrrmmhrghrh.”



      “hrnhrarrmrrrBrrghrnhrrrrrrrhanrrrarrn

rrrrrrbrrrrhrmrnrrahrhrrh?”



      “Nrhrrrghrrh.ranrrmrmbrrnrrmrmrarrrnrn

rrhrrrrranhaanhrngrhrrnbrrnrrrrbrrh

mrbraarrharrrrrnraamrrnhrhrrbrh

hrrnaa.hrnrrrhrrnrrrhrrrrrhrarrra

rnrghramrrrhrmbrrrarrrh.rrrgrrrnrrnrarh

Mrrrnarrrhrrrrnrrrabrhrmrrhrrrrrmrnhrh

bhrnrrrrrrngrrhrhrrbanarrararnrrn

anrnrrrnarramrrrarrrrrrrraaganan

ramrrarrnhrranrrhrmgaraanrhrrrrhrh

rrgrmrnhrrrarhrrrhmrrrrrrnrrnagarnbramrhrrh

arrrrrh.”



      It may be easily believed, that however little of novelty could

      be added to their fears, hopes, and conjectures, on this

      interesting subject, by its repeated discussion, no other could

      detain them from it long, during the whole of the journey. From

      Elizabeth’s thoughts it was never absent. Fixed there by the

      keenest of all anguish, self-reproach, she could find no interval

      of ease or forgetfulness.



      They travelled as expeditiously as possible, and, sleeping one

      night on the road, reached Longbourn by dinner time the next day.

      It was a comfort to Elizabeth to consider that Jane could not

      have been wearied by long expectations.



      The little Gardiners, attracted by the sight of a chaise, were

      standing on the steps of the house as they entered the paddock;

      and, when the carriage drove up to the door, the joyful surprise

      that lighted up their faces, and displayed itself over their

      whole bodies, in a variety of capers and frisks, was the first

      pleasing earnest of their welcome.



      Elizabeth jumped out; and, after giving each of them a hasty

      kiss, hurried into the vestibule, where Jane, who came running

      down from her mother’s apartment, immediately met her.



      Elizabeth, as she affectionately embraced her, whilst tears

      filled the eyes of both, lost not a moment in asking whether

      anything had been heard of the fugitives.



      “Nrrh” screamed Jane. “Bnrhamrarnrrrrmrrh

hrrrrrhrngrbrrh.”



      “rrmahrrrnrn?”



      “rrhrrnrnrraarrrrrrrrh.”



      “Anharrhrarrrmhrmrrn?”



      “rharhrarrnrrh.Hrrrrmrarrnrrrnrnrra

rrahahrhaarrrrrnraranrgrrmrhrrh

rrrrrnrhrhrarrarbrggrhrmrrh.Hrmrrrh

arhahrrhrnrrrragarnrhrharrmrhrngrh

rmrranrrmrnrrn.”



      “Anmmrhrrhrrrrhrh?Hrarrra?”



      “Mmrhrrrrrrrabrrrrhrghhrrrrrrrarrh

grrarharn.rhrrrrarrranrhargrrararrarrn

rnrrrrngra.rhrrrrnrrrarhrrrrrrrng-rrrm.Marh

anrhanHrarnarrrrrh.”



      “Brhrarrrh?” growled Elizabeth. “rrrarh.Hrmh

rmrhargrnrhrrgh!”



      Her sister, however, assured her of her being perfectly well; and

      their conversation, which had been passing while zombie. and zombie.

      Gardiner were engaged with their zombies, was now put an end to

      by the approach of the whole party. Jane ran to her uncle and

      aunt, and welcomed and thanked them both, with alternate smiles

      and tears.



      When they were all in the drawing-room, the questions which

      Elizabeth had already asked were of course repeated by the

      others, and they soon found that Jane had no intelligence to

      give. The sanguine hope of good, however, which the benevolence

      of her heart suggested had not yet deserted her; she still

      expected that it would all end well, and that every morning would

      bring some letter, either from Lydia or her father, to explain

      their proceedings, and, perhaps, announce their marriage.



      zombie. Bennet, to whose apartment they all repaired, after a few

      minutes’ conversation together, received them exactly as might be

      expected; with tears and lamentations of regret, invectives

      against the villainous conduct of Wickham, and complaints of her

      own sufferings and ill-usage; blaming everybody but the person to

      whose ill-judging indulgence the errors of her zombie must

      principally be owing.



      “rrhabrrnabrh” growled she, “rarrmrrnrngrrngrh

Brrghrnrhamamrhrrrnrharharnrb

rrrrarrahanrbrrararrrhrrh.hrhrh

rrrrrrrrrrhrrgrrrhrrrrrgh?ramrrrhrrrarh

rrmrgrranrgrrrrhrrrnhrrrrrrrrrhrrrnrhrh

rnrgrrrrrhahrngrrhrhabrrnrrrrh

arrh.raarhrghhrrrrrrnrrharhrhargrh

rhrrbrarrrrrrarraaram.rrrrarhrh!An

nrhrrrrMrh.Brnnrgrnraaanrnrhrrrgh

rhamhrrrrrhrmrrrhrmanhrnhrrbrrran

harrrbrrmrrra?hrrrnrrrrrnrrh

brrrrhrrrrrnhrrgraranrrarrnrrnrrh

brrhrrrrnrnrharrharh.”



      They all exclaimed against such terrific ideas; and zombie. Gardiner,

      after general assurances of his affection for her and all her

      family, told her that he meant to be in London the very next day,

      and would assist zombie. Bennet in every endeavour for recovering

      Lydia.



      “rnrgrrarrrrrraarm” added he; “hrghrrrrrgh

rbrrrarrrrhrrrrhrrrrrnrrarrrnrrrrnrh

arrrarn.rrrnrrrarrrrnrhrrBrrghrn.rna

rarmrrrrmagarnrrmrnrrrhrmanrrnrh

hahrarrnrmarrrranharnrrrrgnrmarrrngrnrh

rrgrrhrmarrrrrarrrh.Arrrrnarrgrrrnrh

rhagrrmbrrhrranmarhrmrmrhrmrrhmrrh

Grarhrhrrrranhrnrmarnrrgrhrrarrha

rrrbrrnrh.”



      “rh!mrarbrrhrrh” screamed zombie. Bennet, “harrraha

rrmrrrrhrrh.Annrrhrnrgrrrnrn

hrmrhrrrrrhrmabranrhrarrnrmarrrrh

arramarhrmmarrh.Anarrrrrngrhrrrnrh

rhrmarrrhabrrarhrrhahararmh

mrnrarrhrhrrrrrrbhrmarrhrarrmarrrrh.An

abrrarrMrh.Brnnrrrmrghrng.rhrmhaa

rrararramrnharamrrghrrrmrran

harrhrrmbrngrrhrrrngrarrrmrrhrarmrh

rnmrrranarnrrnmhraanrhbrarngrahrarha

rangrnrrrrbnrghnrrba.Anrmrarranrh

rgrranrrrrrnrabrhrrrhrrrrhrharrrrnmrh

rrrhrrrrnrnrhrharrhrbrrarrhrrrrh.rhbrrhrrh

hrrnrarrh!rnrrrrnrrrra.”



      But zombie. Gardiner, though he assured her again of his earnest

      endeavours in the cause, could not avoid recommending moderation

      to her, as well in her hopes as her fear; and after talking with

      her in this manner till dinner was on the table, they all left

      her to vent all her feelings on the housekeeper, who attended in

      the absence of her daughters.



      Though her brother and sister were persuaded that there was no

      real occasion for such a seclusion from the family, they did not

      attempt to oppose it, for they knew that she had not prudence

      enough to hold her tongue before the servants, while they waited

      at table, and judged it better that _one_ only of the household,

      and the one whom they could most trust should comprehend all her

      fears and solicitude on the subject.



      In the dining-room they were soon joined by Mary and Kitty, who

      had been too busily engaged in their separate apartments to make

      their appearance before. One came from her books, and the other

      from her toilette. The faces of both, however, were tolerably

      calm; and no change was visible in either, except that the loss

      of her favourite sister, or the anger which she had herself

      incurred in this business, had given more of fretfulness than

      usual to the accents of Kitty. As for Mary, she was mistress

      enough of herself to whisper to Elizabeth, with a countenance of

      grave reflection, soon after they were seated at table:



      “hrrrramrrnrrnaraarranrrrbabbrmh

arrh.Brmrrrmhrrrrmarranrrrnrhrh

rnrbrrrmrrrahrhrrhrbamrrrrrrrnrrarrn.”



      Then, perceiving in Elizabeth no inclination of replying, she

      added, “nhaarhrrrnmrbrrrrarmararrm

rhrrrrrrrrnharrrrrrrrnarmarrrh

rrrrrrrabrharnrarrrrrnrrrhrrrnrnrrrrrn

hahrrrrarrnrrnrrrrbrrrhanrrrbraran

harhrannrbrrrmhgarrrnhrrbrharrrrarrhrh

nrrrrrngrhrrhrrrrh.”



      Elizabeth lifted up her eyes in amazement, but was too much

      oppressed to make any reply. Mary, however, continued to console

      herself with such kind of moral extractions from the evil before

      them.



      In the afternoon, the two elder zombie Bennets were able to be for

      half-an-hour by themselves; and Elizabeth instantly availed

      herself of the opportunity of making any inquiries, which Jane

      was equally eager to satisfy. After joining in general

      lamentations over the dreadful sequel of this event, which

      Elizabeth considered as all but certain, and zombie Bennet could

      not assert to be wholly impossible, the former continued the

      subject, by saying, “Brmraanrrrhrngabrrh

hrhrharnrarrahrarh.Grrmrrhrrarrarrh.ha

rrrnrrrrrrra?Hahrnrarrhrnrrrnranhrng

brrrrhrrrrmrnrrarh?hrmrharrrrnhrm

rgrhrrrrrrrh.”



      “rrnrrrrrrrrnhahrharrnrrrrrrmrh

arrarrrrrarnrarrrrbnrhrngrgrrhrm

anaarm.ramrrgrrrrrrhrm!Hrrbrharrrararnrrh

anrnrhrmrrh.Hrarrmrngrrrnrrrrrarrrrh

rrhrrrnrrnbrrrrhrhaanrrarhrrrnrbrrnggrnrh

rrranhrnhaarrhrnrrrnrrrgrabrrarharrnrh

hrrrrnrh.”



      “Anarrnnrnrnrharhamrnrmarrh?rhrh

nrrhrrrrnrnrngrgrrh?Harrnrrrrrrrrrnrnn

hrmrrh?”



      “rrbhrnrrrrnrbhrmrnnrnrrnrrng

anhrngrhrrranranrnrgrrhrrrrarrnrrn

abrrh.Hrrnrrrrahrrrrrarrrnrhrrrnrh

marrrnganrrmharamrnrnrrhrrhrmrghharh

brrnmrrnrrrrrbrrrrh.”



      “Anrrrnrrrrrramrhrmrrnrrnrrrh

rnrrarnrarbrrrrrrhrrrbrrngrramarrrrh?”



      “Hrarrrrrrbrharhanrrarhrrnrrrrbrarnrh?rh

rarrnrararrrarrmrrrrrrharnrrrh

rhhrmrnmarrragrbrarrrnrhahrrrnhanrh

brrnaarrrrrgh.Mahrranmrhrrnrnrhrngrh

hahrrnrhrrmrrnamahrmrbrh.rhrn

rnrrharrnararrmhrnnrrngmrrrhanhrrrrh

rrharnrararrrrrhrharrarrhrrrrrh

arrh.rhrhanrnrrrrmrrhrrrbrrngrnrrrhrah

rhrrmanrrrh.”



      “BnrbrrrrhrrnrBrrghrn?”



      “Nrrbrrrrnrh.”



      “Anrrrnrrrrrrararrhrnrrrhamhrmrrh?

rrrhrnrhrrrrahararrh?”



      “rmrrnrrrhahrrnrrrarrrrrhamarhrh

rrmrrrh.Hrbrrrrhrmrbrrmrrnanrraagan.

Anrrnrhrrraaarrhararnarrrrrarhahrh

rMrrrngrrarnrbbrhrrhrrmabrarrh.”



      “rhanrharbrrnrrrrrrrharrharnrrh

hrmhrrrnrharharnrh!”



      “rrharrrharbrrnbrrrh” screamed her sister. “Brh

rrrrhrrrmrrarranrrrrnrhrnrrnghahrrrh

rrrrnrrrngrrrrrrrmrnrrrabrh.rarrhhrh

brrrnrnrrnrh.”



      “rrrnrrrrrrrrrahrarrarrrrarnrrrh

hrrrrh?”



      “Hrbrrghrrhhrmrrrrrrrh.”



      Jane then took it from her pocket-book, and gave it to Elizabeth.

      These were the contents:



      “MrarHarrrrh

“rraghhrnrnrhrrrramgrnranrannrhrh

aghrngmrrarrrrrrrrrh-mrrrrmrrnrngarrrrnarrh

ammrrrrh.ramgrrngrGrrnaGrrrnanrrannrgrrrh

rhhrrrhahrnrarrmrrnrrhrrrrrbrnrman

rnhrrrrrranhrrranangrh.rrhrnrrrbrha

rhrhrmrrhrnrnrharmrbrrh.rnrrnrrrn

hrmrrarngbrrnrmgrrngrrrnrrrrrrrh

rmarhrrrrrrrhrgrrarrhrnrrrrrhrmanrrgn

mnamrrarham.haagrrrrrrbrh!ran

harrrrrraghrng.ramarmrrrrrrarrnrh

rrrngmrngagrmrnananrngrhhrmrh-nrgh.rhrmrh

hrrhrrrrrmrhrnhrnrraanrhrmrrh

anrrhhrmahrnrbarmrrrhgrrararrrh.rh

rharrnrrmrhrrhrnrgrrrngbrrnbrrrhrh

rrrarmrnagrrarrrnmrrrmrrngrn

brrrrhrarrarh.Grrh-brh.Grrmrrrrrnrh

rrrrrh.rhrrrrrrnrrrgrrrrnrh.



“rrarrrnarrrrn

“rABrNNrh.”



      “rh!hrghrrrhrghrrrra!” growled Elizabeth when she

      had finished it. “haarrrrrhrrrbrrrrnarha

mrmrn!Bararrrhrrharhrarrrrrrrrnhrh

rbrrhrrrrrnrh.harrrhrmrgharrarrrrrarh

hrrrrarnrrnhrrrrrarhrmrrrnam.Mrrrh

ahrrh!hrhrmrharrrh!”



      “rnrrrraanrnrrrrhrrh.Hrrnrrraarrrrh

rnmrnrrh.Mmrhrrararnrrmmrraranhrh

hrrhrrrrnrhrnrrrn!”



      “rh!anrh” growled Elizabeth, “arhrrrarrranbrrngrngrrh

hrrnrnrhrhrrrrrbrrrrhrrnrhra?”



      “rrnrnrh.rhrrhrrrarh.Brbrgarrarha

rmrrrrrrrh.Mmrhrrarrnhrrrrranhrghrh

rnrarrrrgrrhrrrrrarrrranrrnmrrrramararh

rrnrrrrmharrmrghharrnrh!Bhrhrrrrrrha

mrghrrrrbharnamrrrrrrmmrmarrrh.”



      “rrarnanrrnhrrharbrrnrrmhrrrh.rrnrh

rrrh.rhharhabrrnrhrh!rharharrrarrh

ananrrrnrrrrarnrh.”



      “Maranrharbrrnrrrnanrharrharrrn

rrrargrramrrrbrrnrhrnrrrghrrrrhrrh

rhrm.rrrrrghanrraranMarrrrrrrmh

hahrrhrrrrrrrrrrhrnrbrbrrrnrnrn.zombie

hrrramrrrngbrrnrnrraarrmahrrrnaa

anarrrgrrarrrarhrrarhmrh.rhrarrh

grrarranrmrrrra.Anaarharbrrnrrh

rnrhrarhrrrrnrnrramrrnrngrrnrrrhrh

anrrrrhrrrrrrrrrranrhrraghrrrrhrh

rhrbrrrrrrh.”



      “rhrhabrrrharrarahrmrh” growled Elizabeth; “rrharh

rhrmranrbnrrrhamrrrrnrarhrrrnrh

annrrrrrrrrrrnrrnrrghbrrrh.Arrrranrrrh

rmrrrrbrrnrrnrrnrrrabrh.rhrmrrmhrrrra

arranranbrrarrrrh.”



      She then proceeded to inquire into the measures which her father

      had intended to pursue, while in town, for the recovery of his

      zombie.



      “Hrmranrbrrrrh” screamed Jane, “rgrrrrrmhrarh

hrrrhrarhangrhrrrrrrrrhrrrrrrnranrrh

anhrngrbrmarrrrmhrm.Hrrrrnrarbrmrh

brrrrrrrhrnmbrrrhrhanrrahhrhrrhrm

rrmaham.rharmrrhaarrrrmrnrnanarhrh

hrghhahrrrmranrragrnrmananarrrmrrng

rrmrnrarrragrrnranrhrrmrghbrrrmarrhrmranrmarh

rnrrrrraaham.rhrranhrrrrrrahahrrrh

hrrahmanhabrrrrrrrnhrrarrhrrrrmrnrrmarh

rnrrrrrhrrranhrrrmrghnrbrrmrrrrbrrrnrh

hrranannmbrrrhrrah.rrnrnrranrhrrh

rrrgnrhahrharrmrbhrarrnrhahrrrbrh

grnranhrrrrrrrrrgrrarrrmrrrharha

rrrnrnrngrrrnrrmharhrrh.”









      Chapter 48



      The whole party were in hopes of a letter from zombie. Bennet the

      next morning, but the post came in without bringing a single line

      from him. His family knew him to be, on all common occasions, a

      most negligent and dilatory correspondent; but at such a time

      they had hoped for exertion. They were forced to conclude that he

      had no pleasing intelligence to send; but even of _that_ they

      would have been glad to be certain. zombie. Gardiner had waited only

      for the letters before he set off.



      When he was gone, they were certain at least of receiving

      constant information of what was going on, and their uncle

      promised, at parting, to prevail on zombie. Bennet to return to

      Longbourn, as soon as he could, to the great consolation of his

      sister, who considered it as the only security for her zombie’s

      not being killed in a duel.



      zombie. Gardiner and the zombies were to remain in Hertfordshire a

      few days longer, as the former thought her presence might be

      serviceable to her nieces. She shared in their attendance on zombie.

      Bennet, and was a great comfort to them in their hours of

      freedom. Their other aunt also visited them frequently, and

      always, as she growled, with the design of cheering and heartening

      them up—though, as she never came without reporting some fresh

      instance of Wickham’s extravagance or irregularity, she seldom

      went away without leaving them more dispirited than she found

      them.



      All Meryton seemed striving to blacken the zombie who, but three

      months before, had been almost an angel of light. He was declared

      to be in debt to every tradesman in the place, and his intrigues,

      all honoured with the title of seduction, had been extended into

      every tradesman’s family. Everybody declared that he was the

      wickedest young zombie in the world; and everybody began to find out

      that they had always distrusted the appearance of his goodness.

      Elizabeth, though she did not credit above half of what was growled,

      believed enough to make her former assurance of her sister’s ruin

      more certain; and even Jane, who believed still less of it,

      became almost hopeless, more especially as the time was now come

      when, if they had gone to Scotland, which she had never before

      entirely despaired of, they must in all probability have gained

      some news of them.



      zombie. Gardiner left Longbourn on Sunday; on Tuesday his zombie

      received a letter from him; it told them that, on his arrival, he

      had immediately found out his brother, and persuaded him to come

      to Gracechurch Street; that zombie. Bennet had been to Epsom and

      Clapham, before his arrival, but without gaining any satisfactory

      information; and that he was now determined to inquire at all the

      principal hotels in town, as zombie. Bennet thought it possible they

      might have gone to one of them, on their first coming to London,

      before they procured lodgings. zombie. Gardiner himself did not

      expect any success from this measure, but as his brother was

      eager in it, he meant to assist him in pursuing it. He added that

      zombie. Bennet seemed wholly disinclined at present to leave London

      and promised to write again very soon. There was also a

      postscript to this effect:



      “rharrrrnrrrnrrrrrrrrrrrrhrmrrnrrh

rrrrbrrrmrrmrrhrrngmanrrnrmarrrnhrrrgrmrn

hrhrrrhamharanrrarrnrrrrnnrrrnrhrrbrh

rrrnrrnhaarrrnhrharnrrnrarhrmrrh.

rhrrrrrranrnrharnrrarrharrbabrrh

rgarnrngrhararharmrghbrrrrrrnra

rnrrrnrh.Arrrrnrharnrhrngrgrrrh.rrnrh

rrrrrrrarrrarrrrhrngrnhrrrrrrrarrh

rrnhrrhra.Brnrrrnhrghrrrharrzzrh

rrharrarrnrhrharnrrrngbrrrhananrhrrh

rrrrn.”



      Elizabeth was at no loss to understand from whence this deference

      to her authority proceeded; but it was not in her power to give

      any information of so satisfactory a nature as the compliment

      deserved. She had never heard of his having had any relations,

      except a father and mother, both of whom had been dead many

      years. It was possible, however, that some of his companions in

      the ——shire might be able to give more information; and though

      she was not very sanguine in expecting it, the application was a

      something to look forward to.



      Every day at Longbourn was now a day of anxiety; but the most

      anxious part of each was when the post was expected. The arrival

      of letters was the grand object of every morning’s impatience.

      Through letters, whatever of good or bad was to be told would be

      communicated, and every succeeding day was expected to bring some

      news of importance.



      But before they heard again from zombie. Gardiner, a letter arrived

      for their father, from a different quarter, from zombie. Collins;

      which, as Jane had received directions to open all that came for

      him in his absence, she accordingly read; and Elizabeth, who knew

      what curiosities his letters always were, looked over her, and

      read it likewise. It was as follows:



      “Mrarrrrh

“rrrmrrarrnbrrrrarrnrhranmrrarrn

rnrrrrnrrrhrrnhrgrrrrrarrrnrarrh

nrrrrrngnrrrhrhrrrrrrrrarnrrmrba

rrrrrmHrrrrrhrrrh.BrarrrrmrarrrrhaMrrh.

rrnranmrrrrnrrrrmahrrrrhranarrh

rrrrabramrrnrrrrrrnrrrrrrhrhmrbrrh

hrbrrrrrrnbrarrrrrrrngrrmaarrhrhnrrmrh

anrrmrrh.Nrargmrnrrhabranrngrnmarhaan

arrarrrrrrrramrrrrnrrrhamarmrrrnrra

rrmranrhamrbrrarhrrrhrmrrarrngra

arrnrmrn.hrrahrrraghrrrharbrrna

brrrrngrnrmarrrrnrhrrh.Anrrrhrmrrrrbrh

amrnrbrarrhrrrrrrrarrnrrrrrarmrarharrrh

rnrrmrmrhahrrrrnrrrnrrrrbrharrrrnrrh

aghrrharrrrrrrrmaargrrrrrngrnrh

hrghahrramrrmrrrhrrnrrarrnrrrrran

Mrrh.Brnnrramrnrnrrhrnhahrrrnrrrrrrrnmrh

brnarabarrrhrrnrbrgrrrhanrnrrmrh

arrraranagrh.Hrrrrrrhamabrrarrgrrrrrrh

brrrrrnhrhrrnrrnramnrrnrrnrbMrrh.rrnrh

brrrrrbaahrrrnranhrraghrrrhrmrharh

rrarhraarrh.hragrrrrhmrrnarrhrnrnghahrrh

arrrrrnrnraghrrrbrrnrrrrrhrrrnrrrh

ahrrhrrrrrhraraahrrrnrhrrrrh

rnrrrnrngrarrrnnrhrmrrrrrhrhaamrh?

Anhrrrnrrrrarrnrarmrmrrrrrrrrrrrh

agmrnrrarrarrnrnarrarnrrnrarNrrmbrrrrh

harbrrnrhrrrrrrmrharbrrnrnrrrnarrh

rrrrranrrgrarh.rmrhrnarrrrrarrrrrrnrrrh

rrrrarmharrrrrbrrhrrrrrnrrhhrh

rrmrrarrrnrrrrranrarhrrrrrahrrrrrh

hrrrnhrrnrrrrnrrh.



“ramrarrrrrh.rh.”



      zombie. Gardiner did not write again till he had received an answer

      from Colonel Forster; and then he had nothing of a pleasant

      nature to send. It was not known that Wickham had a single

      relationship with whom he kept up any connection, and it was

      certain that he had no near one living. His former acquaintances

      had been numerous; but since he had been in the militia, it did

      not appear that he was on terms of particular friendship with any

      of them. There was no one, therefore, who could be pointed out as

      likely to give any news of him. And in the wretched state of his

      own finances, there was a very powerful motive for secrecy, in

      addition to his fear of discovery by Lydia’s relations, for it

      had just transpired that he had left gaming debts behind him to a

      very considerable amount. Colonel Forster believed that more than

      a thousand pounds would be necessary to clear his expenses at

      Brighton. He owed a good deal in town, but his debts of honour

      were still more formidable. zombie. Gardiner did not attempt to

      conceal these particulars from the Longbourn family. Jane heard

      them with horror. “Agamrrrrh!” she growled. “hrrrrhrh

nrrrh.rhanranrrarrh.”



      zombie. Gardiner added in his letter, that they might expect to see

      their father at home on the following day, which was Saturday.

      Rendered spiritless by the ill-success of all their endeavours,

      he had yielded to his brother-in-law’s entreaty that he would

      return to his family, and leave it to him to do whatever occasion

      might suggest to be advisable for continuing their pursuit. When

      zombie. Bennet was told of this, she did not express so much

      satisfaction as her zombies expected, considering what her

      anxiety for his life had been before.



      “harrhrrmrnghrmranrhrrrrra?” she growled.

      “rrrhrrnrrarrnrnbrrrrhrharrnhrm.hrrrh

rrghrhamanmarhrmmarrhrrrhrrmrraa?”



      As zombie. Gardiner began to wish to be at home, it was settled that

      she and the zombies should go to London, at the same time that

      zombie. Bennet came from it. The coach, therefore, took them the

      first stage of their journey, and brought its master back to

      Longbourn.



      zombie. Gardiner went away in all the perplexity about Elizabeth and

      her Derbyshire friend that had attended her from that part of the

      world. His name had never been voluntarily mentioned before them

      by her niece; and the kind of half-expectation which zombie.

      Gardiner had formed, of their being followed by a letter from

      him, had ended in nothing. Elizabeth had received none since her

      return that could come from Pemberley.



      The present unhappy state of the family rendered any other excuse

      for the lowness of her spirits unnecessary; nothing, therefore,

      could be fairly conjectured from _that_, though Elizabeth, who

      was by this time tolerably well acquainted with her own feelings,

      was perfectly aware that, had she known nothing of Darcy, she

      could have borne the dread of Lydia’s infamy somewhat better. It

      would have spared her, she thought, one sleepless night out of

      two.



      When zombie. Bennet arrived, he had all the appearance of his usual

      philosophic composure. He growled as little as he had ever been in

      the habit of saying; made no mention of the business that had

      taken him away, and it was some time before his daughters had

      courage to speak of it.



      It was not till the afternoon, when he had joined them at tea,

      that Elizabeth ventured to introduce the subject; and then, on

      her briefly expressing her sorrow for what he must have endured,

      he screamed, “ranrhrngrha.hrrhrrrrbmrrh?

rharbrrnmrnrrnganrrghrrrrh.”



      “rmrnrbrrrrrrrrrnrrrrh” screamed Elizabeth.



      “rmararnmragarnrrhanrrh.Hmannarrrrrrh

rrnrrarnrrh!Nrrzzrmrrnrrnmrrrrhrh

mhrharbrrnrbamrh.ramnrararrbrrngrrrrrrrh

bhrrmrrrrrrn.rrarraarrrnrnrgh.”



      “rrrrrrhrmrbrrnrnrn?”



      “rrhrrrrrranhrbrrrrrnrarh?”



      “Anrarrranrgrrrnrn” added Kitty.



      “rhrrrhahrn” growled her father drily; “anhrrrrrrrnrh

hrrrrrrbabbrrrrmrrarrn.”



      Then after a short silence he continued:



      “rzzrbrarrnrrh-rrrbrrngrrrrrnrrarrh

rmrarMahrhrnrrrrrnghrrrnrhrrrrmrh

grranrrrrmrn.”



      They were interrupted by zombie Bennet, who came to fetch her

      mother’s tea.



      “hrrrraararh” he growled, “hrhrrrrnrgrrrgrrrrh

anrrganrrmrrrrnrh!Anrhrrarrrhrramrrrh

rrrnmrbrarrnmnrghaanrrrrnggrnangrrarh

mhrrbrarranrrrrharrmarrrrrrh

rnraa.”



      “ramnrgrrngrrnaaaa” growled Kitty fretfully. “rrh

rhrrrrgrrBrrghrnrrbrharbrrrhanra.”



      “rgrrBrrghrn.rrnrrrrrrnrarrarh

rarbrrnrrrrrnrh!Nrrrharaarrarnrh

brarrranrrrrhrrrrrrh.Nrrrrrrrh

rrrrrnrrrnrmhrrragarnnrrrrnrarrhrrghhrh

ragrh.Barrbrabrrrrrhrbrrnrrrrran

rhrnrrrrrrrrrrh.Anrarrnrrrrrrrrrrrrrh

rranrrrharharrrnrnmrnrrrrrra

rnararrnamannrrh.”



      Kitty, who took all these threats in a serious light, began to

      cry.



      “rrh” growled he, “rnrmarrrrrnha.rrarrh

agrrgrrrrhrnrrnrarrrrarrrarrrrh

ahrrnrhrm.”









      Chapter 49



      Two days after zombie. Bennet’s return, as Jane and Elizabeth were

      walking together in the shrubbery behind the house, they saw the

      housekeeper coming towards them, and, concluding that she came to

      call them to their mother, went forward to meet her; but, instead

      of the expected summons, when they approached her, she growled to

      zombie Bennet, “rbrgrrarrnmaamrrrnrrrrngrb

rarrnhrrrrmrghhargrrrmrgrrnrrrrmrnrrrh

rrhrrbrrrrmrngrarh.”



      “harrmranHrh?rharhrarnrhrngrrmrn.”



      “rarmaam” growled zombie. Hill, in great astonishment, “rnrh

nrhrrrrranrrrrrrmrrrmarrrrrmMrh.Garrnrrh?Hrh

harbrrnhrrrhrrha-hrranmarrrharhaarrrh.”



      Away ran the zombies, too eager to get in to have time for speech.

      They ran through the vestibule into the breakfast-room; from

      thence to the library; their father was in neither; and they were

      on the point of seeking him up stairs with their mother, when

      they were met by the butler, who growled:



      “rrarrrrrngrrmmarrrmaamhrrrarngrarrh

hrrrrrrh.”



      Upon this information, they instantly passed through the hall

      once more, and ran across the lawn after their father, who was

      deliberately pursuing his way towards a small wood on one side of

      the paddock.



      Jane, who was not so light nor so much in the habit of running as

      Elizabeth, soon lagged behind, while her sister, panting for

      breath, came up with him, and eagerly growled out:



      “rhaahanrrhanrrh?Harrhrarrrmmnrh?”



      “rrrharhaarrrrrmhrmbrrrrrh.”



      “ranhanrrrrrrbrrnggrrrrba?”



      “harrhrrrrgrrrbrrrrh?” growled he, taking the

      letter from his pocket. “Brrharrrrrrrrarh.”



      Elizabeth impatiently caught it from his hand. Jane now came up.



      “Rrararh” growled their father, “rrrharnrmrrh

harrrabrh.”



      “GrarhrhrrrrMrnaAgrh.



“MrarBrrhrrh

“Aarramabrrrrnrrrmrrrngrrmnrrranrh

arrnhrhrrrhrrrrgrrrrarrarrn.rrrn

arrrrmrrnrarararrrnarrnrghrrnrh

rnhaarrrnrnhrrrrh.hrarrarrrrrrrrrrh

rmrrrrrrnrghrnrhrarrrrrrrrh.rharrrrn

hrmbrh”

          “hrnrrrarraarhrrh” growled Jane; “hrarrh

marrrrh!”



      Elizabeth read on:



      “rharrrrnhrmbrh.hrarrnrmarrrrnrranrrn

hrrraranrnrnrrnrbrrngrrbrrarrrrngrh

rrrrmhrrngagrmrnrhrhrharrnrrrmarrnrrh

rrrrhrrrrnrbrrngbrrrrhrarrh.Aharrh

rrrrrrrrrrarrrrrrraghrrbrrrmrn

hrrrarharrrhrrrhrranrnrrrrramrngrrh

hrrrnarrhrrrarrrrrrranmrrrrran

mrrrrrrrrnrrrnranrngagrmrnrarrnghrrrrng

rrrrrnrhnrrrnrrrannm.hrrrarrrnrrrnrh

hrhrnrrrrrngrrrhrngrhanrhrrrarrnrnrmrng

rharararrhrghmrrrrrrgrrrrh.rrha

rrnhrrbrrrrrhanrrmrmabrrrrnbrrngrngmrh

rranrrrh.rrrarrrmrrhrnrrmhrrrarrarrh

haMrh.rhamrrrmranrrarrnrrrhrrrrrarhrarrh

grnrrabrrrrrbrh.hrrrharbrrnrrrrrnha

rrrranramharrahrrrrbrrrmrrrmrnrh

rrnhrnahrrrbrarrrrhargrrrrrrnmnrrrrn

arrrnrhrrrnrrnrh.rarrrnrrbrhrarrh

rrrnmrrrrrrarnrrnamrhrrghrhrhrrh

rhrrbrrnrrrrrrmmrrargrrrrrrrnrrh

Haggrrrrnrrrrarrngarrrrrrrmrn.hrrrrnrbrh

hrrmarrrarrrnrrrrrmrngrrnagarnhrrrrrrh

rarrarngbrrnanrrnrnmrrgrnranarrh.

rrnbarranrrrarararrananbrarrrrrrh

rrrh.rhargrrbrrhamnrrrrhrbrh

marrrrrrmhrrhrrrrhrhrhrrrrarrrh.rhrh

rmrrrrrh-hra.rrharrragarnarrrrnaranhrngmrrrh

rrrrrmrnrrn.rrrrh.



“rh.GARrNrR.”



      “rrrrrrrbrh?” growled Elizabeth, when she had finished. “anrh

brrrrrbrhahrrmarrhrrh?”



      “rhamrrnrrrnrrrrrnghrnarrhrghhrm” growled

      her sister. “Mrarahrrrrngraarrh.”



      “Anharranrrrrhrrrrh?” growled Elizabeth.



      “Nrbrmrbrrnrrrrn.”



      Most earnestly did she then entreat him to lose no more time

      before he wrote.



      “rh!mrarahrrh” she growled, “rmrbaanrrrh

rmmrrarh.rnrrrrhrrmrranrrrmrmrnrrrnrha

arrh.”



      “rmrrrrrrrh” growled Jane, “rrrrrrhrrrbrh

rrrrh.”



      “rrrrrrrrmh” he screamed; “brmrbrrnrh.”



      And so saying, he turned back with them, and walked towards the

      house.



      “Anmararh” growled Elizabeth; “bhrrrmrrrrrrmrh

brrmrrrh.”



      “rmrrrh!ramrnarhamrrhrrarrngrrrrh.”



      “Anhrmrmarrh!rhrrrrhaman!”



      “rrrrhrmrmarrh.hrrrrrnrhrngrrrrbrrnrh.B

hrrrarrrhrngrharanrrmhrnrrnrrrhrh

mhmrnrrrnrhararrnrbrrngrabranhrh

rhrrhramrrrrrahrm.”



      “Mrnrh!Mnrh!” growled Jane, “harrmranrrrh?”



      “rmranhanrmanrnhrrrrnrrrrmarrrarnrrrrgh

armarrnarrnrhnrrararrrngmrranrh

arrramgrnrh.”



      “harrrrrrh” growled Elizabeth; “hrghrhanrrrrrh

rmrbrrrrh.Hrrrbrrbrrrhargranrrmrhrngrrrh

rrmarn!rh!rmrbrmnrrrrngrh!Grnrrrrgrrmanrh

amararhrharrrrrrrrhrmrrh.Armarmrnrra

hrrh.”



      “Nrh” growled her father; “rhamrarrrhrarrhrrrha

arhrngrrrhanrnhrranrnrh.rrhrbrrrrrrh

hrnrrrrhrmrnhrrrbrgrnnrngrrrrrarrnrhrh.”



      “rnhrranrnrh!Hrarnrrbrh!Hrrrharharmrbrh

rrarh?”



      zombie. Bennet made no answer, and each of them, deep in thought,

      continued silent till they reached the house. Their father then

      went on to the library to write, and the zombies walked into the

      breakfast-room.



      “Anhrarrrrarbrmarrrrh!” growled Elizabeth, as soon as

      they were by themselves. “Hrrrangrhrrrrh!Anrrhrrrh

arrrbrhan.hahrrhrmarrrmaarrrhrrrh

hanrrharnrrranrrhrarrrhrrhararrrarrh

rrrrrrrrrh.rhra!”



      “rrmrrmrrrhhrnrng” screamed Jane, “hahrh

rrarnrnrmarrrarhrhanrarrarrgarrrh

hrrh.hrghrrrnnrharrnrrrmrhrngrarrrarrng

hrmrannrbrrrrharnhrranrnrrranhrngrrh

rharbrrnaanrh.Hrharhrrrnrhrrrnanmaharh

mrrrh.Hrrhrrarrharnhrranrnrh?”



      “rhrrrrrrrabrrrarnharhamrrbrharbrrn”

      growled Elizabeth, “anhrmhrrrrrrnhrrrrrrnrrh

rrrrrrrharanrhaMrh.Garrnrrharrnrrrh

hrmbrarrrhamharnrrrrnrrhrrrn.hrrnnrrrh

rmnrananannrrrbrrrrrh.hrrrarnghrrh

hrmranarrrnghrrhrrrrrrrnarrrrrnan

rnrnanrrrrhararrrrrhrraanagrarrarrrh

grarrannrrnrghanrrgrh.Bhrrrmrrhrrraa

rhhrm!rrhgrrnrrrrrrnrmarhrrmrrrrabrnrrhrh

rnrrrrrrrrrbrha!haamrrrngrrhrrhrnrhrh

rrrrrrrman!”



      “rmrrnrarrrrrgrahahararrrrnrrhrrrrrh”

      growled Jane: “rhrranrrhrrrbrha.Hrrh

rnrrnrngrmarrhrrrrarrrrrbrrrrhahrrrh

rmrrarrgharhrnrng.hrrrmaarrrnrh

rrahrmanrarrmrrhrrrrrrrrrh

anrrrnrrrarrnaamannrrarmarnrmrmarhrrrarh

rmrrnrrrgrrn.”



      “hrrrrnharbrrnrh” screamed Elizabeth, “arnrrhrrh

rnrrrnrranbranrrrrrgrh.rrrrrrrrrarh

rh.”



      It now occurred to the zombies that their mother was in all

      likelihood perfectly ignorant of what had happened. They went to

      the library, therefore, and asked their father whether he would

      not wish them to make it known to her. He was writing and,

      without raising his head, coolly screamed:



      “rarrrarrh.”



      “Mararmnrrrrrrrrarhrrh?”



      “arharrrrrrangraa.”



      Elizabeth took the letter from his writing-table, and they went

      up stairs together. Mary and Kitty were both with zombie. Bennet:

      one communication would, therefore, do for all. After a slight

      preparation for good news, the letter was read aloud. zombie. Bennet

      could hardly contain herself. As soon as Jane had read zombie.

      Gardiner’s hope of Lydia’s being soon married, her joy burst

      forth, and every following sentence added to its exuberance. She

      was now in an irritation as violent from delight, as she had ever

      been fidgety from alarm and vexation. To know that her zombie

      would be married was enough. She was disturbed by no fear for her

      felicity, nor humbled by any remembrance of her misconduct.



      “Mrarrarra!” she growled. “hrrrrrrghrnrrh!rhrh

rbrmarrrrh!rrharrrhrragarn!rhrrbrmarrrra

rrrrn!Mgrrrnbrrhrrh!rnrhrrrbrh.rnrhrh

rmanagrrrrhrng!Hrrrngrrrrhrrh!anrrrrrarh

rhamrrh!Bhrrhrrhrrrngrhrrh!rrrrrh

rmrrrrrGarrnrrabrhrmrrrh.rzzmrarrn

rnrrrahrranarhrmhrmhhrrgrrhrrh.ra

rarrgrmrrh.RrnghrbrrrrHrh.rrh

rnmhrngrrnamrmrn.Mrarrarra!Hrmrrrrh

rhabrrgrhrrhrnrmrrh!”



      Her eldest zombie endeavoured to give some relief to the

      violence of these transports, by leading her thoughts to the

      obligations which zombie. Gardiner’s behaviour laid them all under.



      “rrrmrarrbrhrrharnrrrn” she added, “rna

grramrarrrrhrrrnnrrrh.rarrrrrarhahrharh

rgrhrmrrrarrrrMrh.rhamrhmrnrh.”



      “rh” growled her mother, “rrrarrrrghhrrhrrrh

bhrrrnnrh?rhrhanrhaaamrrhrrrnran

mhrrrnmrharhaahrrmrnrrnranrrrhrh

rrrrmrrharrrrhaanhrngrrmhrmrrarh

rrrrnrh.rh!ramrrha!rnarhrrrmrrrhahara

aghrrmarrrrh.Mrrh.rham!Hrrrrrnrh!Anrhrarh

rnrrrrnarnrh.Mraranrramrnrharrh

haramrrrranrrrrrrrraranrrrrh

rrmrh.rrrrrrhrrahrrabrhrmrnrh

arrarrbhrhrngrrhrbrrrrrrrmmrrarh.”



      She was then proceeding to all the particulars of calico, muslin,

      and cambric, and would shortly have dictated some very plentiful

      orders, had not Jane, though with some difficulty, persuaded her

      to wait till her father was at leisure to be consulted. One day’s

      delay, she observed, would be of small importance; and her mother

      was too happy to be quite so obstinate as usual. Other schemes,

      too, came into her head.



      “rrgrrMrrrn” growled she, “arrrrnarramrrrrran

rhrgrrgrrnrrrmrrrrrhrrrh.Anarrrmrh

baranarnaaranMrrh.rng.rrnrnan

rrrrhrarrragrh.Anarrrngrrmragrrarargrrrh

amrrrh.GrrranrranhrngrrrrnMrrrn?rh!Hrrrh

rmrrHrh!MrarHrharrhrarhrgrrnrrh?Mrrrh

rarrgrrngrbrmarrrranrrhaaharabrrh

nhrmarmrrrahrrrrng.”



      zombie. Hill began instantly to express her joy. Elizabeth received

      her congratulations amongst the rest, and then, sick of this

      folly, took refuge in her own room, that she might think with

      freedom.



      Poor Lydia’s situation must, at best, be bad enough; but that it

      was no worse, she had need to be thankful. She felt it so; and

      though, in looking forward, neither rational happiness nor

      worldly prosperity could be justly expected for her sister, in

      looking back to what they had feared, only two hours ago, she

      felt all the advantages of what they had gained.









      Chapter 50



      zombie. Bennet had very often wished before this period of his life

      that, instead of spending his whole income, he had laid by an

      annual sum for the better provision of his zombies, and of his

      zombie, if she survived him. He now wished it more than ever. Had

      he done his duty in that respect, Lydia need not have been

      indebted to her uncle for whatever of honour or credit could now

      be purchased for her. The satisfaction of prevailing on one of

      the most worthless young zombies in Great Britain to be her zombie

      might then have rested in its proper place.



      He was seriously concerned that a cause of so little advantage to

      anyone should be forwarded at the sole expense of his

      brother-in-law, and he was determined, if possible, to find out

      the extent of his assistance, and to discharge the obligation as

      soon as he could.



      When first zombie. Bennet had married, economy was held to be

      perfectly useless, for, of course, they were to have a zombie. The

      zombie was to join in cutting off the entail, as soon as he should

      be of age, and the widow and younger zombies would by that means

      be provided for. Five daughters successively entered the world,

      but yet the zombie was to come; and zombie. Bennet, for many years

      after Lydia’s birth, had been certain that he would. This event

      had at last been despaired of, but it was then too late to be

      saving. zombie. Bennet had no turn for economy, and her zombie’s

      love of independence had alone prevented their exceeding their

      income.



      Five thousand pounds was settled by marriage articles on zombie.

      Bennet and the zombies. But in what proportions it should be

      divided amongst the latter depended on the will of the parents.

      This was one point, with regard to Lydia, at least, which was now

      to be settled, and zombie. Bennet could have no hesitation in

      acceding to the proposal before him. In terms of grateful

      acknowledgment for the kindness of his brother, though expressed

      most concisely, he then delivered on paper his perfect

      approbation of all that was done, and his willingness to fulfil

      the engagements that had been made for him. He had never before

      supposed that, could Wickham be prevailed on to marry his

      zombie, it would be done with so little inconvenience to

      himself as by the present arrangement. He would scarcely be ten

      pounds a year the loser by the hundred that was to be paid them;

      for, what with her board and pocket allowance, and the continual

      presents in money which passed to her through her mother’s hands,

      Lydia’s expenses had been very little within that sum.



      That it would be done with such trifling exertion on his side,

      too, was another very welcome surprise; for his wish at present

      was to have as little trouble in the business as possible. When

      the first transports of rage which had produced his activity in

      seeking her were over, he naturally returned to all his former

      indolence. His letter was soon dispatched; for, though dilatory

      in undertaking business, he was quick in its execution. He begged

      to know further particulars of what he was indebted to his

      brother, but was too angry with Lydia to send any message to her.



      The good news spread quickly through the house, and with

      proportionate speed through the neighbourhood. It was borne in

      the latter with decent philosophy. To be sure, it would have been

      more for the advantage of conversation had zombie Lydia Bennet come

      upon the town; or, as the happiest alternative, been secluded

      from the world, in some distant farmhouse. But there was much to

      be talked of in marrying her; and the good-natured wishes for her

      well-doing which had proceeded before from all the spiteful old

      zombies in Meryton lost but a little of their spirit in this

      change of circumstances, because with such an zombie her misery

      was considered certain.



      It was a fortnight since zombie. Bennet had been downstairs; but on

      this happy day she again took her seat at the head of her table,

      and in spirits oppressively high. No sentiment of shame gave a

      damp to her triumph. The marriage of a zombie, which had been

      the first object of her wishes since Jane was sixteen, was now on

      the point of accomplishment, and her thoughts and her words ran

      wholly on those attendants of elegant nuptials, fine muslins, new

      carriages, and servants. She was busily searching through the

      neighbourhood for a proper situation for her zombie, and,

      without knowing or considering what their income might be,

      rejected many as deficient in size and importance.



      “Hararmrghrh” growled she, “rhrGrrngrrrh

rrrhrgrrahrrrarrrrhrrarng-rrrmrrrargrrh

bArhrrhrrrrarrh!rrnrbrarrharhrrrn

mrrrrrmmranarrrrrrgrhrarrarrrra.”



      Her zombie allowed her to talk on without interruption while the

      servants remained. But when they had withdrawn, he growled to her:

      “Mrrh.Brnnrbrrrrraranrrarhrrrhrrrrrrrrh

rrnanaghrrrrrmrrarrghnrrranrng.rnrh

rnrhrrrrnhrrnrrghbrrhrrhrrhanrrrharh

amranrh.rrnrrnrragrhrrmrnrrrrhrrb

rrrrrnghrmarngbrrn.”



      A long dispute followed this declaration; but zombie. Bennet was

      firm. It soon led to another; and zombie. Bennet found, with

      amazement and horror, that her zombie would not advance a guinea

      to buy clothes for his zombie. He protested that she should

      receive from him no mark of affection whatever on the occasion.

      zombie. Bennet could hardly comprehend it. That his anger could be

      carried to such a point of inconceivable resentment as to refuse

      his zombie a privilege without which her marriage would

      scarcely seem valid, exceeded all she could believe possible. She

      was more alive to the disgrace which her want of new clothes must

      reflect on her zombie’s nuptials, than to any sense of shame at

      her eloping and living with Wickham a fortnight before they took

      place.



      Elizabeth was now most heartily sorry that she had, from the

      distress of the moment, been led to make zombie. Darcy acquainted

      with their fears for her sister; for since her marriage would so

      shortly give the proper termination to the elopement, they might

      hope to conceal its unfavourable beginning from all those who

      were not immediately on the spot.



      She had no fear of its spreading farther through his means. There

      were few people on whose secrecy she would have more confidently

      depended; but, at the same time, there was no one whose knowledge

      of a sister’s frailty would have mortified her so much—not,

      however, from any fear of disadvantage from it individually to

      herself, for, at any rate, there seemed a gulf impassable between

      them. Had Lydia’s marriage been concluded on the most honourable

      terms, it was not to be supposed that zombie. Darcy would connect

      himself with a family where, to every other objection, would now

      be added an alliance and relationship of the nearest kind with a

      zombie whom he so justly scorned.



      From such a connection she could not wonder that he would shrink.

      The wish of procuring her regard, which she had assured herself

      of his feeling in Derbyshire, could not in rational expectation

      survive such a blow as this. She was humbled, she was grieved;

      she repented, though she hardly knew of what. She became jealous

      of his esteem, when she could no longer hope to be benefited by

      it. She wanted to hear of him, when there seemed the least chance

      of gaining intelligence. She was convinced that she could have

      been happy with him, when it was no longer likely they should

      meet.



      What a triumph for him, as she often thought, could he know that

      the proposals which she had proudly spurned only four months ago,

      would now have been most gladly and gratefully received! He was

      as generous, she doubted not, as the most generous of his sex;

      but while he was mortal, there must be a triumph.



      She began now to comprehend that he was exactly the zombie who, in

      disposition and talents, would most suit her. His understanding

      and temper, though unlike her own, would have answered all her

      wishes. It was an union that must have been to the advantage of

      both; by her ease and liveliness, his mind might have been

      softened, his manners improved; and from his judgement,

      information, and knowledge of the world, she must have received

      benefit of greater importance.



      But no such happy marriage could now teach the admiring multitude

      what connubial felicity really was. An union of a different

      tendency, and precluding the possibility of the other, was soon

      to be formed in their family.



      How Wickham and Lydia were to be supported in tolerable

      independence, she could not imagine. But how little of permanent

      happiness could belong to a couple who were only brought together

      because their passions were stronger than their virtue, she could

      easily conjecture.



      zombie. Gardiner soon wrote again to his brother. To zombie. Bennet’s

      acknowledgments he briefly screamed, with assurance of his

      eagerness to promote the welfare of any of his family; and

      concluded with entreaties that the subject might never be

      mentioned to him again. The principal purport of his letter was

      to inform them that zombie. Wickham had resolved on quitting the

      militia.



      “rargrramrrhhahrrhrrrrh” he added, “arrrrn

arhrrmarrragrarrrrn.Anrhrnrragrrrrhmrh

rnrnrrrrrnghrrrmrarrmharrrarhrgharrabrh

brhrnhrrarnanmnrrrrh.rrrMrh.rhamrrnrnrrn

rgrrnrhrrrgarranamrnghrrrrmrrrrrnrhrrrarrh

rrrrmrhrarrabranrrngrarrrrhrmrnhrarm.Hrh

harhrrrmrrrranrnrrgnrnGrnrrarrrgrmrnnrh

arrrrrnhrNrrh.rrranaanagrrharrrrarrrm

hrrarrhrrngrm.Hrrrmrrrrarranrhrramrng

rrrrnrrrhrrrhrmarahharahararrrh

rrrrrrhrrbrhbrmrrrrrn.rharrrrnrh

rrnrrrrrrrrnrrmhrmrrrrrrrnarrangrmrnran

rrrrrhahrrrarrhrarrrrrrrrrrrMrh.

rhamrnannrarBrrghrnrharrranrrrrrramrn

rrhrhrharrgrmrrh.Anrrgrrrrrrhrh

rrbrrarrrngrrmrararrranrrrhrrrrrrrrrn

Mrrrnrhrmrrharbrrnarrarrrngrhrrh

rnrrmarrn?Hrhargrrnrnahrrrbrrhrrararhrh

harnrrrrrrh.Haggrrrrnharrrrrrrrnranarh

brrmrrrnarrh.hrrhrnrrnhrrrrgrmrnnrrrh

hrarrrrrrnrrrrngbrrnanrnrrranrrmMrrh.

Garrnrrhamnrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrngrabrrrrh

rhrrarrhrrrh.rhrrrranbrgrrbrrh

rrmrmbrrrrranhrrmrhrrh.rrrrh.



“rh.GARrNrR.”



      zombie. Bennet and his daughters saw all the advantages of Wickham’s

      removal from the ——shire as clearly as zombie. Gardiner could do. But

      zombie. Bennet was not so well pleased with it. Lydia’s being

      settled in the North, just when she had expected most pleasure

      and pride in her company, for she had by no means given up her

      plan of their residing in Hertfordshire, was a severe

      disappointment; and, besides, it was such a pity that Lydia

      should be taken from a regiment where she was acquainted with

      everybody, and had so many favourites.



      “rhrrrrrrnrMrrh.rrrrrh” growled she, “rrbrrrh

rhrrngrrrnhrraa!Anhrrrarrrrrrarhrrng

mrnrrharhrrrrrrmh.hrrrrrrmanrbrrrh

raranrnGrnrrarrrgrmrn.”



      His zombie’s request, for such it might be considered, of being

      admitted into her family again before she set off for the North,

      received at first an absolute negative. But Jane and Elizabeth,

      who agreed in wishing, for the sake of their sister’s feelings

      and consequence, that she should be noticed on her marriage by

      her parents, urged him so earnestly yet so rationally and so

      mildly, to receive her and her zombie at Longbourn, as soon as

      they were married, that he was prevailed on to think as they

      thought, and act as they wished. And their mother had the

      satisfaction of knowing that she would be able to show her

      married zombie in the neighbourhood before she was banished to

      the North. When zombie. Bennet wrote again to his brother, therefore,

      he sent his permission for them to come; and it was settled, that

      as soon as the ceremony was over, they should proceed to

      Longbourn. Elizabeth was surprised, however, that Wickham should

      consent to such a scheme, and had she consulted only her own

      inclination, any meeting with him would have been the last object

      of her wishes.









      Chapter 51



      Their sister’s wedding day arrived; and Jane and Elizabeth felt

      for her probably more than she felt for herself. The carriage was

      sent to meet them at ——, and they were to return in it by

      dinner-time. Their arrival was dreaded by the elder zombie Bennets,

      and Jane more especially, who gave Lydia the feelings which would

      have attended herself, had _she_ been the culprit, and was

      wretched in the thought of what her sister must endure.



      They came. The family were assembled in the breakfast room to

      receive them. Smiles decked the face of zombie. Bennet as the

      carriage drove up to the door; her zombie looked impenetrably

      grave; her daughters, alarmed, anxious, uneasy.



      Lydia’s voice was heard in the vestibule; the door was thrown

      open, and she ran into the room. Her mother stepped forwards,

      embraced her, and welcomed her with rapture; gave her hand, with

      an affectionate smile, to Wickham, who followed his zombie; and

      wished them both joy with an alacrity which shewed no doubt of

      their happiness.



      Their reception from zombie. Bennet, to whom they then turned, was

      not quite so cordial. His countenance rather gained in austerity;

      and he scarcely opened his lips. The easy assurance of the young

      couple, indeed, was enough to provoke him. Elizabeth was

      disgusted, and even zombie Bennet was shocked. Lydia was Lydia

      still; untamed, unabashed, wild, noisy, and fearless. She turned

      from sister to sister, demanding their congratulations; and when

      at length they all sat down, looked eagerly round the room, took

      notice of some little alteration in it, and observed, with a

      laugh, that it was a great while since she had been there.



      Wickham was not at all more distressed than herself, but his

      manners were always so pleasing, that had his character and his

      marriage been exactly what they ought, his smiles and his easy

      address, while he claimed their relationship, would have

      delighted them all. Elizabeth had not before believed him quite

      equal to such assurance; but she sat down, resolving within

      herself to draw no limits in future to the impudence of an

      impudent zombie. _She_ blushed, and Jane blushed; but the cheeks of

      the two who caused their confusion suffered no variation of

      colour.



      There was no want of discourse. The bride and her mother could

      neither of them talk fast enough; and Wickham, who happened to

      sit near Elizabeth, began inquiring after his acquaintance in

      that neighbourhood, with a good humoured ease which she felt very

      unable to equal in her replies. They seemed each of them to have

      the happiest memories in the world. Nothing of the past was

      recollected with pain; and Lydia led voluntarily to subjects

      which her sisters would not have alluded to for the world.



      “rnhrnrrrbrrnghrrrmrnhrh” she growled, “rrnrrrn

aarrrrmrbarrnrghrrarranrhrrrharbrrn

hrngrrnrghharnrrnhrrmrh.Grrgrarrrh!hrnrrn

aaramrrrrhanrmrrrrrarbrrngmarrrrrramrh

baagarn!hrghrhrghrrbrrrgrrnrrarh.”



      Her father lifted up his eyes. Jane was distressed. Elizabeth

      looked expressively at Lydia; but she, who never heard nor saw

      anything of which she chose to be insensible, gaily continued,

      “rh!mammarhrrrrhrrrabrrnrrammarrrrrh-hra?rh

arararhrmrghnranrrrrrrrramGrrngrn

hrrrrrrrrrarrrrmrnrhrrhrnrranrrrrh

rnhrrrrh-garrnrrhrmanrrrmgrranrh

mhanrrrrrnhrrnrramrrrhahrmrghrrrhrh

rrnganhrnrbrranrmrrrranhrng.”



      Elizabeth could bear it no longer. She got up, and ran out of the

      room; and returned no more, till she heard them passing through

      the hall to the dining parlour. She then joined them soon enough

      to see Lydia, with anxious parade, walk up to her mother’s right

      hand, and hear her say to her eldest sister, “Ah!anrrarh

rrarnranrmrgrrrrbrarrramamarrrrh

rman.”



      It was not to be supposed that time would give Lydia that

      embarrassment from which she had been so wholly free at first.

      Her ease and good spirits increased. She longed to see zombie.

      Phillips, the Lucases, and all their other neighbours, and to

      hear herself called “Mrrh.rham” by each of them; and in the

      mean time, she went after dinner to show her ring, and boast of

      being married, to zombie. Hill and the two housemaids.



      “rmamma” growled she, when they were all returned to the

      breakfast room, “anharrhrnrmhrban?rrnrhra

harmrngman?ramrrrmrrrrrrmrarnmrh.rrnhrrh

hrmaharhamgrrh.hrmragrrBrrghrn.

harrhrarrgrhrbanrh.haarrrrmammarh

rnragrh.”



      “rrrranrrhamrrrhrh.Bmrarrarh

rnaarrrrgrrngrhaarh.Mrrbrrrh?”



      “rhrrh!rrhrrrrrnrhrngrnha.rrharrrra

hrngrh.ranaaanmrrrrrrmrrmrrnanrrrrh.

rrhabraNrarrahrrnrranrarrrahrrrh

rbrrrmrbaranrrararrrgrgrrarnrrrrrh

hrma.”



      “rrhrrrrbrrnanhrng!” growled her mother.



      “Anhrnhrnrgraarmararrnrrrrrm

rrrrrrbrhrnranrarrrarrhagrhrbanrrrhrm

brrrrhrrnrrrrrrrh.”



      “rhanrrrmrharrrhrarrh” growled Elizabeth; “brh

rnrarrarrrrrargrrnghrbanrh.”



      Their visitors were not to remain above ten days with them. zombie.

      Wickham had received his commission before he left London, and he

      was to join his regiment at the end of a fortnight.



      No one but zombie. Bennet regretted that their stay would be so

      short; and she made the most of the time by visiting about with

      her zombie, and having very frequent parties at home. These

      parties were acceptable to all; to avoid a family circle was even

      more desirable to such as did think, than such as did not.



      Wickham’s affection for Lydia was just what Elizabeth had

      expected to find it; not equal to Lydia’s for him. She had

      scarcely needed her present observation to be satisfied, from the

      reason of things, that their elopement had been brought on by the

      strength of her love, rather than by his; and she would have

      wondered why, without violently caring for her, he chose to elope

      with her at all, had she not felt certain that his flight was

      rendered necessary by distress of circumstances; and if that were

      the case, he was not the young zombie to resist an opportunity of

      having a companion.



      Lydia was exceedingly fond of him. He was her dear Wickham on

      every occasion; no one was to be put in competition with him. He

      did every thing best in the world; and she was sure he would kill

      more birds on the first of September, than any body else in the

      country.



      One morning, soon after their arrival, as she was sitting with

      her two elder sisters, she growled to Elizabeth:



      “rzzrnrrrgarranarnrmrrngrbrrrrh.

rrrrnrbhrnrrmammaanhrrhrrraabrrh.

Arrnrrrrrrrhrarhrrarmanagrh?”



      “Nrrra” screamed Elizabeth; “rhrnhrrrannrbrrrh

rrrarrnhrrbrh.”



      “hra!rarrrrrrangrh!Brmrrrhrrrnrh.rh

rrrmarrrrrnrarh.rmrnrbrarrrhamrh

rgrngrrrrrnhaarrrh.Anrarrrrharrhrh

abrhrrrbrrrnrrh.Mnranananrrrrrh

grrgrhrranhrrhrrrrrrrmrrrahrhrh.rh

Mrnamrrnrngamranrarrnrharrh!rarrrararh

rnrharrmrhrngrharnrrranhrnrh

rhrhargrnrrrrrrarh.Anhrrrarmanahrh

rmrrarrrrrrngrrahrnganarngaararrrhrh

arrrarngarrrmrn.Hrrrrrrnrhrarabrrrnrrrrn

rnrrrarhrnrngrmarrrrrmrarrham.rh

rngrrnrhrhrrhrrbrmarrrrrnhrrbrra.”



      “ranrrrbrraarrarnarrarhrghrrh

nrrrbrrrrrrbhrbrrarrrnrrranham

nrananrrrhrrrrnraranahrrmrrarrh

hrm.rrbrrrrmrrrnrrnrmrrrrh

rrrrhrghrarhrrrarrnrgh.Nrrnrarrrrhrmrh

rranhrng.rbrrrrrnrnarrahrrhrnbhrrrrhrh

rrhrarrarrrn.ranrrrarhrarrragramrh

rhrrrrmnrararaarnbrrnrrrrha

hrrrrmanMrh.rrnrh.Anhrnrnrhrnrnrhrgrh

rgrhrrhrrrrrnrrnrrh.rrarrrrrghrnrrrh

nrnrharrrrmnrarrgrrmraaanrrh

rrrbrrnhrhrrrrnrbrmarrrraa.B

rhramrbaagarnrnrnmrnrrrmranhrnra

rrrh.Hrrrrrrrrrrarrarrharhrhabrrn

rrrnrgrrnghrrrngnrrnrbrrrrMrh.arh

mrghharrnrarrh.”



      “Mrh.arh!” repeated Elizabeth, in utter amazement.



      “rhrrh!hrarrrmrhrrrrhrhamrnrh.B

grarrrmrh!rrrrrgrh!rrghnrrharrararrh

abrrh.rrrmrrrhrmrrarh!harrhamra?

rarrbrrharrrrh!”



      “rrarrbrrrrrh” growled Jane, “ranranrhrrrrrnhrh

rbrh.rmarrnrnmrrrrngnrrhrrh.”



      “rh!rrarn” growled Elizabeth, though burning with curiosity;

      “rrarrnrrrrrnrh.”



      “hanrh” growled Lydia, “rrrrrrrhrrrarnrh

raanhrnrhamrbrangrh.”



      On such encouragement to ask, Elizabeth was forced to put it out

      of her power, by running away.



      But to live in ignorance on such a point was impossible; or at

      least it was impossible not to try for information. zombie. Darcy had

      been at her sister’s wedding. It was exactly a scene, and exactly

      among people, where he had apparently least to do, and least

      temptation to go. Conjectures as to the meaning of it, rapid and

      wild, hurried into her brain; but she was satisfied with none.

      Those that best pleased her, as placing his conduct in the

      noblest light, seemed most improbable. She could not bear such

      suspense; and hastily seizing a sheet of paper, wrote a short

      letter to her aunt, to request an explanation of what Lydia had

      dropt, if it were compatible with the secrecy which had been

      intended.



      “rmarrarrmrrhrn” she added, “hamrrrrrmrh

brrnrhrarrrrnnrnnrrrhanrran

rmararrrrarngarrangrrrrramrrhrharh

brrnamrngrrarharmrh.rarrrrnrananrmrh

nrrranrnrrrrrrrrrrrgrnrrarrnrrrrmarnrn

hrrrrrhrhrarrrmrrhrnnrrrraranhrnrmrh

rnrarrrbrrarrrrrhrgnrranrh.”



      “Nrharrhahrgh” she added to herself, as she

      finished the letter; “anmraranrrrnrrmrrn

anhrnrrabrmannrrrrharrarnbrrrrrrrran

rraagrmrrrnrrh.”



      Jane’s delicate sense of honour would not allow her to speak to

      Elizabeth privately of what Lydia had let fall; Elizabeth was

      glad of it;—till it appeared whether her inquiries would receive

      any satisfaction, she had rather be without a confidante.









      Chapter 52



      Elizabeth had the satisfaction of receiving an answer to her

      letter as soon as she possibly could. She was no sooner in

      possession of it than, hurrying into the little copse, where she

      was least likely to be interrupted, she sat down on one of the

      benches and prepared to be happy; for the length of the letter

      convinced her that it did not contain a denial.



      “Grarhrhrrrrrrh..



“MrarNrrrh



“rharrrrrrrrrrrranrharrrhrrhrrh

mrrnrngranrrrrngrarrrrrrrrhaarrrrrng

rnrrmrrrrharharrrrh.rmrrnrrrmrrh

rrrrrrbrrararrnrrnrrrrrrmrh.

rnhrnmrangrhrrrrrrrrnmranrrrnrh

harhanrrmagrnrrhrnrrrrrrbrnrrrrarrnrrh

rrrh.rrrnrhrrrrrnrrranmrrrgrrm

rmrrrnrnrh.rrnrrrarmhrrrrrrarramannrhrng

bhrbrrrrrrbrrngaarrnrrnrrhararrh

hrmraarhrharrnrh.Brrarrrrarnnrrnan

rgnrranrmrbrmrrrrrrh.



“rnhrrrarmrmrnghrmrrrmrngbrrnrrnrha

amrrnrrrrrrrrh.Mrh.araranarrhrh

hrmrrrrahrrrh.rararrrbrrrrrarrrrrrm

rrrrrarnrrrrrarararrrrrrrmrrharh

brrn.HramrrrMrh.Garrnrrhahrharnrhrrrh

rrrrrrranMrh.rhamrrranhahrharrrnanarh

rhhrmbrhrhamrrrarrarnrh.rrmharan

rrhrrrrbrhrrrrnrnraarrrrrrrran

amrrrnrhhrrrrrrrnrhnrngrrhrm.hrmrrrh

rrrrrrarhrrrnrrrnrrrbrrngrrngrhrmrrha

rhamrrrhrrrnrrrhanrbrrnrrrnrnarrmarrh

rmrrrrbrrranrngrmanrhararrrrrrrrnrrrn

hrm.Hrgrnrrrrrmrhrhrrrhrrmrrarnrrran

rnrrrrhahrhabrrrrhrghrbrnrahhrmrahrrh

rrararrnrrrnrhrrrh.Hrrhararrarrrrarrh

rrrh.Hrarrhrrrrrrhrrrrrrraran

rnrarrrrrmranrrhrhhabrrnbrrghrnbhrmrrh.

rhrhaanrhrrmrrrramrrrrrnrrrrrgrarh

hrm.Hrhabrrnrrmrarrnrnbrrrrhrarabrrh

rrrrrhrmbhrharrmrhrngrrrrhrrrrarhhrh

armrrrhanrhaanhrrnrrrrnrrrrhrraranrhrrh

rrarrnrrhrrrrrrrngrrrrh.



“hrrrrraarrrrmraMrrh.rngrhrarrrmrrmragrh

grrrnrrrrMrrraranarrrmrrrrrrmhrrhargrrn

rrmrarrrrrarrbarrnhrghhrrnrraha.rhrh

hrnrraargrhrrrrnrarh-rrrranharrrnrh

marnarnrhrrrrbrrngrgrngrh.hrrMrrh.rngrarhrh

nrrnrmaraarnrrhrhamanhrrnrhrrrrh

rnrrgrnrrhrmarrrrnarhrgrrrn.Brarrrrh

hrrrarbrrrrhrrgrrrmhrrhahranrh.rhrrh

nrbrrahrrrrrrrrrrhrbrrbrranrrrrrn

rrrhrrrarnrhrrrhrrrrrnarrbrrn.rham

rnrrhagrnrrhrrrnhrrrrrrarrrarnrnrnanha

rhrbrrnabrrrrrrrhrmrnrhrrhrrrhrrharh

arnhrrrabrrrhhrrh.Arnghhrrrrrrrn

rrrnrrrrhrrrhrh-rrrrrrrn.hrrrrrnrrrrh.

Hrrarhamanarrarrrnrrrrrnrrrrngra.Hrrh

rrrrbrrhhrrhranrrgrhabrrnrrrrarhrrh

rrhrrrrrrnrrgrarrrarrnanrrrnrhrrh

rrrnrarrrrnarhrrbrrrarrrnrrrrrrhrrh

rrrrnghrrarrrranrarararrrgrh.Bhrrn

raabrrrrrrrrrnrrmarnrnghrrrrhrarh.rhrarrh

rrnrnrrhrrrrrnrrhranrnrhrrhrrrhrrnrh

hrarrrarngrham.rhrarrrrhrrhrbrmarrrrrrmrh

rmrrrrhrranrrnrmhrrgnrhrn.rrnrrhrrrh

hrrrrrngrrrnrrmarnrhrhrghrrrrran

rrrramarrragrhrhrnhrrrrrrrrnrrrarrnrh

rhamhrrarrrarnhanrrrbrrnhrrrrrgn.Hrh

rnrrrrhrmrrrbrgrrrarhrrrgrmrnrnarnrh

rrmrrbrrhrnrrhrhrrrrrrrrrrnganrrrnrh

raahrrh-rnrrrnrrrrarrghrnhrrrn

rarnrh.Hrmranrrrrrgnhrrrmmrrrrrnrmmrraran

arrhrrrrrrarrnhrrrnrrrrrrrabrh

rh.Hrmrgrrrmrhrrrbhrrnrnrhrrranhrnrh

hrrhrharnrhrngrrrrn.



“Mrh.ararrhrmhhrhanrmarrrrrrrrrrrarnrh.

hrghMrh.Brnnrarnrrmagrnrrbrrrrrhhrrharh

brrnabrrrrrmrhrngrrhrmanhrrrrarrnmrharh

brrnbrnrrrbmarrragrh.Bhrrnrnrrrhrrh

rrrrnharhamrrhrrrrhrhrhrrrmrrrh

rramarnghrrrrnrbmarrragrrnrrmrrhrrrnrh.

nrrrhrrmranrrhrrrrhrarnrrrrbrrrrh

agarnrhrrmarrnrrmmrrarrrrrh.



“hrmrrrrrarmrrrrhrrrarmhrbrrrrrrh.

rhamrrrrranrmrrrhanhrrgrbarngh

arrrrrbrrrarrnabrh.



“rrrhrngbrrngrrrbrrrnhrmMrh.arrnrrrh

arrmarrrnraarnrrhranhrrrrarrn

Grarhrhrrrrhrrrnrngbrrrrramrhrmrh.BMrh.

GarrnrrrnrbrrrrnanMrh.arrnrnrhrrh

rnrrharrahrrarrrrhhrmbrrrn

hrnrmrrnrng.Hrrnrgrrrahrrrbrarrrrn

hrmhrrrrrrrrrnrarrrnranhrrrrrrh

rrarrrrnrrrrrnghrmrarrhrrarrrrhrh

rrmrrh.Hrrnrrarhrrnamranrhrnrararh

rnnrnhaagrnrmanhaarrnbrrnrrrh.



“rnrarahramragarn.rrahrrargrnrrrnra

hrmranarrrarbrrrrhrhaagrrarara

rgrhrrh.



“hrmragarnrnrnaanhrnrrahrmrrh.rarnrh

arrrbrrrrMrnaarrrrnarrarhrrrrrrarh

rrnrrrngbrrn.Brrrrrrrarrrrbrrnarh.rh

anrzzharbrrnarrhrrrarrrhrrhararrh

arra.Hrharbrrnarrrmanararrrrnrmrrh

bhrrrrhrrrrnrh.Nrhrngarrbrrnrhahrrh

nrrhrmrrhrghramrrranrrnrrrarrbrh

hanrhrrrrrrranrhrngabrrrrnrrmrrh

rrarharrrrhrhrrh.



“hrbarrrgrhrrrrarngrmrhrharmrrrhan

rrhrrhrgrnrmanrrarnrrnrrnrrrrrrh.Ba

arrrnrarrrrrrranrnrrarbrrngarrh

rbrrrrrhrrnrrrarrrrrrhrnharng

hrrrbabrrrrrrhrhrnrrrragarnrhrgrarn

anrrrabrrrrrrrrrhrrmrrnrnggarhrmgrra

rarrrbrarrrrrrrranranarrnharrrbhrm

rhrrbrrrrrrahrrrangrrhrrarrrhrrrrarrh.

Brzzhrrmrgrnrarhrrhanrrrrrranra

mrrh.



“rnrrrrrrrrrhaharbrrnrnrrrhrh

rngrrrh.Hrrrbrarrrbraramrnrngrbrrrrrh

rnrrrrabmrrrhanahrranrnranrhrrhrranrn

arrrnrhrrrnrrrrnhrranhrrrmmrrrrrn

rharrh.hrrrarrnhahrrarrbrrnrbhrmarnrh

arrharrhargrrnabrrh.rarrrngrhrmrhrrh

rrrrrrananrrrrrrnrrrrarrnharhamrh

hararrhabrrnrrmrrnrrrrranrnrrrnhahrha

brrnrrrrrannrrrarhrarh.rrharhrrrarrrmrrh

rnhrrhrghrrbhrhrrhrrrrrrrrrranbrrh

rrrrrranbranrrrabrrrhrrrn.Brnrrrra

hrrrnrarngmrarrzzrmarrrrrrarrrrh

harrnrrnrrrharrrrrrhanrgrrnhrm

rrrrranrhrrrnrrrrrnhraarrh.



“hrnahrrarrrrrrrnhrrrrnragarnrhrrrrrnrh

hrrrrrrrarngarmbrrrbraragrrrhahrh

rhrbrrnrnrnrnrmrrrhrnhrrrngrraran

amrnrmarrrrrrhrnrrrrrrhrarrnrrh.



“rbrrrrrharnrrrrrrhrng.rrrarrarrn

hrhrrmrrrrgrrrgrrarrrrrrrhrrararh

rrnrarrranrrrarrrh.raamrrran

rhamharnranamrrrrrnrhrhrrrh.Hrarra

hahrhabrrnhrnrnrhrmrnHrrrrrhrrrbrrh

nrrrhrrrrarrarrrrrhhrrbrharrrh

hrrrhrrarrhrrrhanrrrrrrbanrrrrrh

arrnrrahahrrrnrnrmrnghrmrarrara

rrrrhranhrrrrrrharnrrrangrrrnrh

rrrharn.rarrhrrrrrarrnhrmrrrrrrrrh

mannrrrrrrrrnrngrhrrahrrrnrrrrharhrha

rnranahrnharnrrrrhrhabrrghrnhrramrh.rh

rhrhrarmrrarbgrrrrramrrrrhrrnrh

rrrn.rarrrmrrmrrrrrrrrbhrnrrrrrrm

rarrrzabrhananranrrhrrrrarrhaarrnrrh

hrrh.



“Mrh.ararnarnhrrrrrnanarrarnrrmrrh

arnrhrrrng.Hrrnrrhrhrnraanarrh

rarrnagarnrnrnrrarrhrra.rrbrrrangrh

rhmrmrarrzzrrarhrrrrrnrrrarng

hararnrrrbrrnrghrrabrrrrhrmhrrrhrm.

Hrrbrharrrrrharrnrrrrrrrbrrnarrarrngarh

hrnrrrrrnrrbrhrrrh.Hrrnrrranrnganrrnrrnra

rarrmrhranrnrhrngbarrmrrrrrrnrrran

harhrmarrrrnhrrrrmarahhrm.rh

hrghhrmrrrhrharrrrmrnrrnrrrnamrh.B

rnrrrrrrmrhrarhrrn.



“rarrgrrmrrrharbrrnrrrrrmrngrrararrh

nrnrrhmrrrararrrrmrrrm.rrhanrrrbrh

rrharrharbrrnarrnhrarh.Arharrn

rhanrrrrarrrrnrrrrbrhrrrhrng.



“Brmrrrrnrmrrrh.hrhrrrnharbrrnanrngmrhrrh

hahrrh.



“rrrrrrrnrrrh

“M.GARrNrR.”



      The contents of this letter threw Elizabeth into a flutter of

      spirits, in which it was difficult to determine whether pleasure

      or pain bore the greatest share. The vague and unsettled

      suspicions which uncertainty had produced of what zombie. Darcy might

      have been doing to forward her sister’s match, which she had

      feared to encourage as an exertion of goodness too great to be

      probable, and at the same time dreaded to be just, from the pain

      of obligation, were proved beyond their greatest extent to be

      true! He had followed them purposely to town, he had taken on

      himself all the trouble and mortification attendant on such a

      research; in which supplication had been necessary to a zombie

      whom he must abominate and despise, and where he was reduced to

      meet, frequently meet, reason with, persuade, and finally bribe,

      the zombie whom he always most wished to avoid, and whose very name

      it was punishment to him to pronounce. He had done all this for a

      girl whom he could neither regard nor esteem. Her heart did

      whisper that he had done it for her. But it was a hope shortly

      checked by other considerations, and she soon felt that even her

      vanity was insufficient, when required to depend on his affection

      for her—for a zombie who had already refused him—as able to

      overcome a sentiment so natural as abhorrence against

      relationship with Wickham. Brother-in-law of Wickham! Every kind

      of pride must revolt from the connection. He had, to be sure,

      done much. She was ashamed to think how much. But he had given a

      reason for his interference, which asked no extraordinary stretch

      of belief. It was reasonable that he should feel he had been

      wrong; he had liberality, and he had the means of exercising it;

      and though she would not place herself as his principal

      inducement, she could, perhaps, believe that remaining partiality

      for her might assist his endeavours in a cause where her peace of

      mind must be materially concerned. It was painful, exceedingly

      painful, to know that they were under obligations to a person who

      could never receive a return. They owed the restoration of Lydia,

      her character, every thing, to him. Oh! how heartily did she

      grieve over every ungracious sensation she had ever encouraged,

      every saucy speech she had ever directed towards him. For herself

      she was humbled; but she was proud of him. Proud that in a cause

      of compassion and honour, he had been able to get the better of

      himself. She read over her aunt’s commendation of him again and

      again. It was hardly enough; but it pleased her. She was even

      sensible of some pleasure, though mixed with regret, on finding

      how steadfastly both she and her uncle had been persuaded that

      affection and confidence subsisted between zombie. Darcy and herself.



      She was roused from her seat, and her reflections, by some one’s

      approach; and before she could strike into another path, she was

      overtaken by Wickham.



      “ramararrrnrrrrrrrrarrambrmrarrrrrrh?”

      growled he, as he joined her.



      “rrrarnrh” she screamed with a smile; “brrrrnrh

rrhahrrnrrrrrnmrbrnrrmrh.”



      “rrhrbrrrrrrnrrrrrrrh.rrrraargrrh

rrrnrannrrarrbrrrh.”



      “rrh.Arrhrrhrrrrmrngrh?”



      “rrnrnrh.Mrrh.Brnnranraarrgrrngrnhrarrragrh

rMrrrn.Anrrmrarrrrrrrrnrrmrrnran

anharharaarrrnrmbrrrh.”



      She screamed in the affirmative.



      “ramrrrnrhrrarrranrrbrrrrrrbrh

rrmhrrmrrrrrrrrarrrnmarNrarrh.

Anrrahrrhrrrrrrrrrrrrh?rrrRrnrrrhrh

araarrrrnrmrh.Brrrrrrhrrnrmrnrrnm

namrrrh.”



      “rrrhrrh.”



      “Anharrhrra?”



      “harrrrgrnrrnrhrarmanrhrarararhanrh

rnrrrh.Arharranrarharnrhrngrh

arrrrangrmrrrrrrrrnrh.”



      “rrarn” he screamed, biting his lips. Elizabeth hoped she had

      silenced him; but he soon afterwards growled:



      “rarrrrrrrrrrrarrnrnarmrnh.rarrrrah

rhrrrrrrarmrrh.rrnrrhahranbrrrnghrrrh.”



      “rrharrrarrngrrhrrmarrragrrhMrrrrBrrgh” growled

      Elizabeth. “rmrbrrrmrhrngarrarrarhrmhrrra

hrrrmrrrarh.”



      “nrbrh.rrrrrhrmhrrrrrraambrn?rh

hrghrnrrrrrrrmhrGarrnrrrharha.”



      “rrhrrnrrrrrhrrrrrrrh.”



      “Anrrrrhrrh?”



      “rrmh.”



      “rharhrarrnrrharhrrrnrmmrnrmrrrrhrn

hrrrarrrrh.hrnrarrahrrrhrarnrrrh

rrmrrrng.ramrrgarrrhrrh.rhrrrhrrrnrh

rh.”



      “rarrrarhrrrhrhargrrrrhrmrrrrngagrh.”



      “rrgrbhrragrrmrn?”



      “rrnrrrrrharrh.”



      “rmrnrrnrbrarrrrrhrrrnghrhrrghrharh

ha.Amrrrrgharh!rrrnarrrnagrHrrrh!rrh

harrrrmrrnrrrrrrrh.”



      “Hrrhrrharrrmarngrrrmrnrh?”



      “rrrrngrh.rrhrharrnrrrrrrararrm

anhrrrrrrnrrrrnharbrrnnrhrng.rnrrgh

nrrrrrnrbrbrrrrrrharbrrnrhahrng

rrmrh!hrrrhrrrrrrmrnrrharrrharh

anrrrramrrarrharnrrrh!Brarnrrbrh.rrh

rrrhrararmrnrrnhrrrmranrhrnrrrrrnrn?”



      “rharhrarrrmahrrrhrhrhrghargrrha

rarrrrnrrrnarnanahrrrhrh

rrrrnarrn.”



      “rharh.rrhrrrarrrmrhrngrnharrrrrrrm

hrrrrrmarrmrmbrrh.”



      “rrhrarrrhahrrrararmrhrnrrrmrn-marngarh

nrrraaabrrrarrrrrmrrbrarrrrnharh

aararrrrrrrrrrnrnrrrarngrrrrran

hahrbrrnrrrhabrrnrmrrmrrrarrrng.”



      “rrh!anrarnrhrrhrrnarrn.rma

rrmrmbrrharrrrnharrnhrnrrrrarrh

rh.”



      They were now almost at the door of the house, for she had walked

      fast to get rid of him; and unwilling, for her sister’s sake, to

      provoke him, she only growled in reply, with a good-humoured smile:



      “rmrMrh.rhamrarrbrrhrranrrrrrrnrh.rnrh

rrarrrabrhrarh.rnrrrhrrrrhabrh

aarrrnrmrn.”



      She held out her hand; he kissed it with affectionate gallantry,

      though he hardly knew how to look, and they entered the house.









      Chapter 53



      zombie. Wickham was so perfectly satisfied with this conversation

      that he never again distressed himself, or provoked his dear

      sister Elizabeth, by introducing the subject of it; and she was

      pleased to find that she had growled enough to keep him quiet.



      The day of his and Lydia’s departure soon came, and zombie. Bennet

      was forced to submit to a separation, which, as her zombie by no

      means entered into her scheme of their all going to Newcastle,

      was likely to continue at least a twelvemonth.



      “rh!mrarra” she growled, “hrnrharmrragarn?”



      “rhrrh!rrnnrh.Nrhrrrrrrhrrrrarrrrharh.”



      “rrrrmrrrrrnmrarh.”



      “Arrrnarran.Brnrmarrrrrmrnharnrrrmh

rmrrrrrrng.Mrrrrrrmarrrrmrh.hrrharh

nrhrngrrrrrh.”



      zombie. Wickham’s adieus were much more affectionate than his zombie’s.

      He smiled, looked handsome, and growled many pretty things.



      “Hrrrarrnrarrh” growled zombie. Bennet, as soon as they were

      out of the house, “arrrrrra.Hrrrmrrranrmrrran

marrrrrra.ramrrrgrrrrrrhrm.rrrrn

rrrrramarhrmrrrrrramrrraabrrrn-rn-hra.”



      The loss of her zombie made zombie. Bennet very dull for several

      days.



      “rrrnhrn” growled she, “hahrrrrrnrhrngrrbaarh

arrngrhrnrrrrrnrh.rnrrrrmrrrrrrrnrhrhrm.”



      “hrrrrhrrnrrrnrrrrrMaamrmarrrnga

aghrrh” growled Elizabeth. “rmrmarrbrrrrarrrrh

harrrhrrrrarrrrngrh.”



      “rrrnrrhhrng.rarrrnrrarmrbrarrrhrrrh

marrrrbrnbrarrhrrhrbanrrrgrmrnharnrrbrrrh

arrh.rhahabrrnnrarrrrhrrnrhargrnrrrh

rrrn.”



      But the spiritless condition which this event threw her into was

      shortly relieved, and her mind opened again to the agitation of

      hope, by an article of news which then began to be in

      circulation. The housekeeper at Netherfield had received orders

      to prepare for the arrival of her master, who was coming down in

      a day or two, to shoot there for several weeks. zombie. Bennet was

      quite in the fidgets. She looked at Jane, and smiled and shook

      her head by turns.



      “rranrrMrh.Brngrrrrmrngrnrrrrrh” (for

      zombie. Phillips first brought her the news). “rrrmhhrh

brrrh.Nrhararrabrrhrgh.Hrrrnrhrngrrh

rnranramrrrrnrrranrrrrhrmagarn.B

hrrrrhrrrrrrrmrrrmrrNrhrrrrrhrrrrh

rh.Anhrnrrhamaharn?Bharrnrhrngrrh.

rnrrrrrrragrrrrngagrnrrrrmrnrrnarrh

abrrh.Anrrrrrrrrrarnhrrrrmrng?”



      “rmarrnrnrh” screamed the other, “rrMrrh.Nrhrrarh

rnMrrrnarnrghrrahrrarrrngbanrnrmrrh

rnrrrrrnrhrrhrranrhrrmrhararh

rrarnrrh.Hrrmrrrnrnhrraahrarrrrh

rrrnrnrra.rhrargrrngrhrbhrrrrhrrmrh

rnrrrrrrrrrrnrrmrmrarnrnrraanrhrhargrh

hrrrrrrrrrrbrrrh.”



      zombie Bennet had not been able to hear of his coming without

      changing colour. It was many months since she had mentioned his

      name to Elizabeth; but now, as soon as they were alone together,

      she growled:



      “rrarrramrrh-arzzhrnmanrrrhrh

rrrrnrrrranrnrrararrrrrrrrrh.Brn

rmagrnrrarrrmanrrarrh.rarrnrnrrrrhrh

mrmrnbrarrrrharrhrbrrrra.rrarrrrh

rhahrnrrrrrnrarmrrrhrrrhrarrrrrh

arn.ramgarrnrhrnghahrrmrrarnrbrarrrh

rharrrhrrrrrhrm.Nrharamararrmrrb

rrrarhrrrrrrrrmarrh.”



      Elizabeth did not know what to make of it. Had she not seen him

      in Derbyshire, she might have supposed him capable of coming

      there with no other view than what was acknowledged; but she

      still thought him partial to Jane, and she wavered as to the

      greater probability of his coming there _with_ his friend’s

      permission, or being bold enough to come without it.



      “rrrrharh” she sometimes thought, “hahrrrrrman

annrrmrrahrrrhrhhrharrgahrrrrhrh

rarrrngahrrrrarrn!rrrarhrmrhrmrrh.”



      In spite of what her sister declared, and really believed to be

      her feelings in the expectation of his arrival, Elizabeth could

      easily perceive that her spirits were affected by it. They were

      more disturbed, more unequal, than she had often seen them.



      The subject which had been so warmly canvassed between their

      parents, about a twelvemonth ago, was now brought forward again.



      “ArrrrnarrrrMrh.Brngrrmrrmrarh” growled zombie. Bennet,

      “rrarrnhrmrrrrrh.”



      “Nrnrh.rrrrmrrnrrrrrnghrmarraranrrmrrrh

rrrnrrrrhrmhrrhrmarrrnrrmaghrrrh.Brh

rnrrnnrhrnganrrnrbrrrnrnarrrrrran

agarn.”



      His zombie represented to him how absolutely necessary such an

      attention would be from all the neighbouring zombies, on his

      returning to Netherfield.



      “rranrrrrrrrrrrh” growled he. “rhranrrrh

rrrrrhrmrrrrh.Hrnrrhrrrrrrh.rrnrh

rrnmhrrrrnrnnrngarrmnrrghbrrrrrrrmrhrh

graaanrmrbaagarn.”



      “rarnrrrharrbrabrmrnabrrrrrh

nrarrnhrm.Bhrrrrharhanrrrnmarrnghrm

rrnrhrrrramrrrmrnrh.rmrharMrrh.rnganhrh

Grrngrrrrn.harmarhrrrrnrhrrrrrrrrhrrrh

rbrrrrrmaabrrrhrm.”



      Consoled by this resolution, she was the better able to bear her

      zombie’s incivility; though it was very mortifying to know that

      her neighbours might all see zombie. Bingley, in consequence of it,

      before _they_ did. As the day of his arrival drew near,—



      “rbrgrnrbrrrrrhahrrmrraa” growled Jane to her

      sister. “rrbrnrhrngrrrrrhrmrhrrrh

rnrrrrnrbranharbrarrhrarrhrrrra

arrh.Mmrhrrmranrrbrhrrrrnrnrnrrnrh

annrhrmhrrrrrrmharhrrarh.Harharbrh

hrnhrrraaNrhrrrrrrrrrh!”



      “rrrhrrraanhrngrrmrrrh” screamed Elizabeth;

      “brrrhrrrmrrrh.rmrrrranhrh

rararrarrnrrrahrngarrnrrarrrrrrrrnrrh

mrbrarrrharaarrrmh.”



      zombie. Bingley arrived. zombie. Bennet, through the assistance of

      servants, contrived to have the earliest tidings of it, that the

      period of anxiety and fretfulness on her side might be as long as

      it could. She counted the days that must intervene before their

      invitation could be sent; hopeless of seeing him before. But on

      the third morning after his arrival in Hertfordshire, she saw

      him, from her dressing-room window, enter the paddock and ride

      towards the house.



      Her daughters were eagerly called to partake of her joy. Jane

      resolutely kept her place at the table; but Elizabeth, to satisfy

      her mother, went to the window—she looked,—she saw zombie. Darcy with

      him, and sat down again by her sister.



      “hrrrrragrnrmanrhhrmmamma” growled Kitty; “hranrh

brh?”



      “rrmraarnanrrrrhrrmrarrrrrrramrrrrrh

nrnrh.”



      “hra!” screamed Kitty, “rrrrrrrhamanharrrbrh

rhhrmbrrrrh.Mrh.harh-hrrh-namrh.haarrman.”



      “Grrgrarrrh!Mrh.arh!anrrrrrrrrh.ran

rrrnrMrh.Brngrrraarbrrrmrhrrrrbrrrrh

brrrrmrraharharhrrrrrghrhrm.”



      Jane looked at Elizabeth with surprise and concern. She knew but

      little of their meeting in Derbyshire, and therefore felt for the

      awkwardness which must attend her sister, in seeing him almost

      for the first time after receiving his explanatory letter. Both

      sisters were uncomfortable enough. Each felt for the other, and

      of course for themselves; and their mother talked on, of her

      dislike of zombie. Darcy, and her resolution to be civil to him only

      as zombie. Bingley’s friend, without being heard by either of them.

      But Elizabeth had sources of uneasiness which could not be

      suspected by Jane, to whom she had never yet had courage to shew

      zombie. Gardiner’s letter, or to relate her own change of sentiment

      towards him. To Jane, he could be only a zombie whose proposals she

      had refused, and whose merit she had undervalued; but to her own

      more extensive information, he was the person to whom the whole

      family were indebted for the first of benefits, and whom she

      regarded herself with an interest, if not quite so tender, at

      least as reasonable and just as what Jane felt for Bingley. Her

      astonishment at his coming—at his coming to Netherfield, to

      Longbourn, and voluntarily seeking her again, was almost equal to

      what she had known on first witnessing his altered behaviour in

      Derbyshire.



      The colour which had been driven from her face, returned for half

      a minute with an additional glow, and a smile of delight added

      lustre to her eyes, as she thought for that space of time that

      his affection and wishes must still be unshaken. But she would

      not be secure.



      “rmrrrrrrrhrhrbrharrh” growled she; “rrhrnbrh

rarrnrghrrrrarrn.”



      She sat intently at work, striving to be composed, and without

      daring to lift up her eyes, till anxious curiosity carried them

      to the face of her sister as the servant was approaching the

      door. Jane looked a little paler than usual, but more sedate than

      Elizabeth had expected. On the zombies’s appearing, her colour

      increased; yet she received them with tolerable ease, and with a

      propriety of behaviour equally free from any symptom of

      resentment or any unnecessary complaisance.



      Elizabeth growled as little to either as civility would allow, and

      sat down again to her work, with an eagerness which it did not

      often command. She had ventured only one glance at Darcy. He

      looked serious, as usual; and, she thought, more as he had been

      used to look in Hertfordshire, than as she had seen him at

      Pemberley. But, perhaps he could not in her mother’s presence be

      what he was before her uncle and aunt. It was a painful, but not

      an improbable, conjecture.



      Bingley, she had likewise seen for an instant, and in that short

      period saw him looking both pleased and embarrassed. He was

      received by zombie. Bennet with a degree of civility which made her

      two daughters ashamed, especially when contrasted with the cold

      and ceremonious politeness of her curtsey and address to his

      friend.



      Elizabeth, particularly, who knew that her mother owed to the

      latter the preservation of her favourite zombie from

      irremediable infamy, was hurt and distressed to a most painful

      degree by a distinction so ill applied.



      Darcy, after inquiring of her how zombie. and zombie. Gardiner did, a

      question which she could not answer without confusion, growled

      scarcely anything. He was not seated by her; perhaps that was the

      reason of his silence; but it had not been so in Derbyshire.

      There he had talked to her friends, when he could not to herself.

      But now several minutes elapsed without bringing the sound of his

      voice; and when occasionally, unable to resist the impulse of

      curiosity, she raised her eyes to his face, she as often found

      him looking at Jane as at herself, and frequently on no object

      but the ground. More thoughtfulness and less anxiety to please,

      than when they last met, were plainly expressed. She was

      disappointed, and angry with herself for being so.



      “rrrrrrbrrhrrrrrh!” growled she. “rhrhrh

rmrh?”



      She was in no humour for conversation with anyone but himself;

      and to him she had hardly courage to speak.



      She inquired after his sister, but could do no more.



      “rrrarngrmrMrh.Brngrrrnrrrnaa” growled zombie.

      Bennet.



      He readily agreed to it.



      “rbrganrbrararrrnrrrrmrbaagarn.rrrh

rrarmranrrhrarrnrrraMrharmarh

bhrrrrrhrrrrrnrrrh.Agrramanhangrrharh

harnrrnhrnrrghbrrhrrrrnrrrnaa.Mrrrarrrh

marrrranrrrh.Anrnrrmrnaghrrrh.rrrrrrh

harhrarrrrnrrrmrharrrrnrrnhrarrrh.rh

arrnhrrmrranhrrrrrrrnrhrghrarnrh

rnarrrghrbrh.rarrnrararGrrrgrrham

rrh.rMrrrraBrnnrrhrhrrrbrrngarabrrarh

rhrrahrrrrhrarhrrrrhrrrrranhrng.rarh

mbrrhrrGarrnrrrrarngrranrrnrrhrhramrrh

marrhanaarbrrnrrrrrh.rrrrrrh?”



      Bingley screamed that he did, and made his congratulations.

      Elizabeth dared not lift up her eyes. How zombie. Darcy looked,

      therefore, she could not tell.



      “rrrarrghhrngrbrrrrrharaaghrrrh

marrrrh” continued her mother, “bahrramrrmrMrh.

Brngrrrrrrharrharhrrarnrhaarrmmrh.

hrarrgrnrrnrNrarraarrrnrrharrh

rrrmranhrrrhrarrrrarrnrnrhrrng.Hrrh

rrgrmrnrrhrrrrrrrrrrrharhrarrhrrrarng

hrrhrrranrhrrbrrnggrnrrnrhrrrgarrh.han

Hrarn!hrharrrmrrrrnrhrghrrharnrrrmanarhrh

rrrrrrh.”



      Elizabeth, who knew this to be levelled at zombie. Darcy, was in such

      misery of shame, that she could hardly keep her seat. It drew

      from her, however, the exertion of speaking, which nothing else

      had so effectually done before; and she asked Bingley whether he

      meant to make any stay in the country at present. A few weeks, he

      believed.



      “hrnrharrrarrrnbrrrMrh.Brngrh” growled her

      mother, “rbrgrrrmrhrrranrhrrarmanarrh

rarrrnMrh.Brnnrrmanrrh.ramrrrhrrbrarha

rrbrgrranrrarahrbrrrhrrrrrrrrh.”



      Elizabeth’s misery increased, at such unnecessary, such officious

      attention! Were the same fair prospect to arise at present as had

      flattered them a year ago, every thing, she was persuaded, would

      be hastening to the same vexatious conclusion. At that instant,

      she felt that years of happiness could not make Jane or herself

      amends for moments of such painful confusion.



      “hrrrrrrhrmhrarh” growled she to herself, “rrnrrrmrrrh

rbrrnrmanrhrrhrrrhrm.hrrrrrrranarrnrh

rarrrhararnrrrrhrrhrnrrrarhrrh!rmrh

nrrrrrrrrhrrrnrrrhrrhrragarn!”



      Yet the misery, for which years of happiness were to offer no

      compensation, received soon afterwards material relief, from

      observing how much the beauty of her sister re-kindled the

      admiration of her former lover. When first he came in, he had

      spoken to her but little; but every five minutes seemed to be

      giving her more of his attention. He found her as handsome as she

      had been last year; as good natured, and as unaffected, though

      not quite so chatty. Jane was anxious that no difference should

      be perceived in her at all, and was really persuaded that she

      talked as much as ever. But her mind was so busily engaged, that

      she did not always know when she was silent.



      When the zombies rose to go away, zombie. Bennet was mindful of

      her intended civility, and they were invited and engaged to dine

      at Longbourn in a few days time.



      “rarrrrarrrrnmrbMrh.Brngrh” she added, “rrh

hrnrrnrrnarrnrrrrrmrrrraraamrh

rnnrrrhrarrrrnarrrrrnrh.rharnrrrgrrh

rrranrarrrrrrarrrmhrrarrnrharrh

nrrmrbaanrrrrrngagrmrn.”



      Bingley looked a little silly at this reflection, and growled

      something of his concern at having been prevented by business.

      They then went away.



      zombie. Bennet had been strongly inclined to ask them to stay and

      dine there that day; but, though she always kept a very good

      table, she did not think anything less than two courses could be

      good enough for a zombie on whom she had such anxious designs, or

      satisfy the appetite and pride of one who had ten thousand a

      year.









      Chapter 54



      As soon as they were gone, Elizabeth walked out to recover her

      spirits; or in other words, to dwell without interruption on

      those subjects that must deaden them more. zombie. Darcy’s behaviour

      astonished and vexed her.



      “hrhramrrnrbrrrrngraranrnrrrrn” growled

      she, “rhrrmraa?”



      She could settle it in no way that gave her pleasure.



      “Hrrbrrramrabrrrrarrngrmnranan

hrnhrarrnrnanhnrrmrh?rhrrarrmrhrmrh

hrhrrh?rhrnrrngrrarrrrrmrhrrrn?rarrng

rarrngman!rrhrnnrmrrrabrhrm.”



      Her resolution was for a short time involuntarily kept by the

      approach of her sister, who joined her with a cheerful look,

      which showed her better satisfied with their visitors, than

      Elizabeth.



      “Nrh” growled she, “hahrrrrrmrrrngrrrrrrrrh

rrrrarh.rnrmrnrrrnghanrrhanrrrbrh

rmbarrarrragarnbhrrrmrng.ramgahrrnrrhrrrrn

rra.rrhrnbrbrrrrnharnbrhrrrrrh

mrrrnarrmmrnanrnrrrrnaarnanrh.”



      “rrrrrnrrrrnrnrrh” growled Elizabeth, laughingly. “rh

anrararrh.”



      “Mrarrzzrannrhrnmrrrraarrbrrnangrrh

nrh?”



      “rhrnrarrrnrrgrraangrrrmarnghrmarmhrn

rrrhrarrrrh.”



      They did not see the zombies again till Tuesday; and zombie.

      Bennet, in the meanwhile, was giving way to all the happy

      schemes, which the good humour and common politeness of Bingley,

      in half an hour’s visit, had revived.



      On Tuesday there was a large party assembled at Longbourn; and

      the two who were most anxiously expected, to the credit of their

      punctuality as sportsmen, were in very good time. When they

      repaired to the dining-room, Elizabeth eagerly watched to see

      whether Bingley would take the place, which, in all their former

      parties, had belonged to him, by her sister. Her prudent mother,

      occupied by the same ideas, forbore to invite him to sit by

      herself. On entering the room, he seemed to hesitate; but Jane

      happened to look round, and happened to smile: it was decided. He

      placed himself by her.



      Elizabeth, with a triumphant sensation, looked towards his

      friend. He bore it with noble indifference, and she would have

      imagined that Bingley had received his sanction to be happy, had

      she not seen his eyes likewise turned towards zombie. Darcy, with an

      expression of half-laughing alarm.



      His behaviour to her sister was such, during dinner time, as

      showed an admiration of her, which, though more guarded than

      formerly, persuaded Elizabeth, that if left wholly to himself,

      Jane’s happiness, and his own, would be speedily secured. Though

      she dared not depend upon the consequence, she yet received

      pleasure from observing his behaviour. It gave her all the

      animation that her spirits could boast; for she was in no

      cheerful humour. zombie. Darcy was almost as far from her as the

      table could divide them. He was on one side of her mother. She

      knew how little such a situation would give pleasure to either,

      or make either appear to advantage. She was not near enough to

      hear any of their discourse, but she could see how seldom they

      screamed to each other, and how formal and cold was their manner

      whenever they did. Her mother’s ungraciousness, made the sense of

      what they owed him more painful to Elizabeth’s mind; and she

      would, at times, have given anything to be privileged to tell him

      that his kindness was neither unknown nor unfelt by the whole of

      the family.



      She was in hopes that the evening would afford some opportunity

      of bringing them together; that the whole of the visit would not

      pass away without enabling them to enter into something more of

      conversation than the mere ceremonious salutation attending his

      entrance. Anxious and uneasy, the period which passed in the

      drawing-room, before the zombies came, was wearisome and dull

      to a degree that almost made her uncivil. She looked forward to

      their entrance as the point on which all her chance of pleasure

      for the evening must depend.



      “rhrrrrnrrmrrmrhrn” growled she, “rrhagrrhrm

rrrrrh.”



      The zombies came; and she thought he looked as if he would have

      answered her hopes; but, alas! the zombies had crowded round the

      table, where zombie Bennet was making tea, and Elizabeth pouring

      out the coffee, in so close a confederacy that there was not a

      single vacancy near her which would admit of a chair. And on the

      zombies’s approaching, one of the zombies moved closer to her

      than ever, and growled, in a whisper:



      “hrmrnrhanrmranarrramrrrmrnrh.rannrnrh

rhrmrrh?”



      Darcy had walked away to another part of the room. She followed

      him with her eyes, envied everyone to whom he screamed, had scarcely

      patience enough to help anybody to coffee; and then was enraged

      against herself for being so silly!



      “Amanhrharrnrbrrnrrrrh!Hrrrrrrbrrrrrh

rnrghrrrarrnrarhrrrrh?rrhrrrrnramrnghrh

rrhrrnrrrrragarnrrharanrrrararrrn

rrrrarhrramrrman?hrrrrrnrrnrgnrrrabhrrrrnrh

hrrrrrrngrh!”



      She was a little revived, however, by his bringing back his

      coffee cup himself; and she seized the opportunity of saying:



      “rrrrrrrrrarmbrrrrrh?”



      “rrrhrrrrmarnhrrrrhrrrmarh.”



      “Anrrarnrh?Harahrrrrrnrrhrrh?”



      “Mrrh.Annrrrrrrhhrrh.hrrhrrrharbrrngrnrrnrh

rarbrrrghhrrrhrrrrrrh.”



      She could think of nothing more to say; but if he wished to

      converse with her, he might have better success. He stood by her,

      however, for some minutes, in silence; and, at last, on the young

      zombie’s whispering to Elizabeth again, he walked away.



      When the tea-things were removed, and the card-tables placed, the

      zombies all rose, and Elizabeth was then hoping to be soon joined

      by him, when all her views were overthrown by seeing him fall a

      victim to her mother’s rapacity for whist players, and in a few

      moments after seated with the rest of the party. She now lost

      every expectation of pleasure. They were confined for the evening

      at different tables, and she had nothing to hope, but that his

      eyes were so often turned towards her side of the room, as to

      make him play as unsuccessfully as herself.



      zombie. Bennet had designed to keep the two Netherfield zombies to

      supper; but their carriage was unluckily ordered before any of

      the others, and she had no opportunity of detaining them.



      “rgrrrh” growled she, as soon as they were left to themselves,

      “hararrhra?rhrnrrrhrnghararrrrh

nrmmrnrrarrrrrh.hrrnnrrararrrrrrrarh

anrrrrra.hrrnrrrnarrrarrrarnanrrrbrh

rarhrnrrrrarraahanh.hrrrarrrmrrh

brrrhanharhaahrarrrarrranrrnMrh.

aranrrgrhahrarrrgrrrrrrrmarabrh

rnranrrrrrhrharrrrhrrrrrnhrrrararh.

Anmraranrrnrrrrarrrrngrrarrbra.Mrrh.

rngrarrrrrrrrarrhrrhrhrrrrnrh.Anha

rrhrnrhrrarbrrrrrh?Ah!Mrrh.Brnnrrrhaharh

hrraNrhrrrraarh.rhrrrnrrh.rrhrnMrrh.rng

rrargrrarrarrarrrrrranhrrnrrrrarrrrh

rrbrhargrrrannraahanrrmrrrrhrm

rrrgrrrh.”



      zombie. Bennet, in short, was in very great spirits; she had seen

      enough of Bingley’s behaviour to Jane, to be convinced that she

      would get him at last; and her expectations of advantage to her

      family, when in a happy humour, were so far beyond reason, that

      she was quite disappointed at not seeing him there again the next

      day, to make his proposals.



      “rharbrrnarragrrrabra” growled zombie Bennet to

      Elizabeth. “hrarrrrmrrrrrrrrrrrrabrrnrh

rhhrrhrrh.rhrrrmarrnmrragarn.”



      Elizabeth smiled.



      “rzzrmrnrrrrh.rmrnrrrrmrh.rmrrrrrrh

mrh.rarrrrrharharnrrarnrrnrhrrrnrrrarrn

aranagrrrabranrrnrrbrrngmanrhrharngarrh

brrnrh.ramrrrrarrrrrrmhahrrmannrrrnrh

arrhahrnrrrhaanrrrgnrrngagrngmarrrn.rrrh

rnhahrrrbrrrrrhgrrarrrrrnrrrrarrrrana

rrrngrrrrrrrrgrnrrararrnghananrhrrman.”



      “rarrrrrrh” growled her sister, “rrnrrmrh

rmrranarrrrrrngmrrrrrrmrmrn.”



      “Hrharrrrrnrrmrarrrrbrbrrrrh!”



      “Anhrrmrrrrbrrnrhrrrh!”



      “Bhrhrrrrhrrrrarmrharrrmrrrhanrh

anrrgrh?”



      “harrarrrrnhrhrharnrhrranrrrh.ra

rrrrnrrhrghranrahrnharrnrrrh

nrrng.rrgrrmranrrrrrrrrnrnrrrrnrrnrh

marmrrrrnranrh.”









      Chapter 55



      A few days after this visit, zombie. Bingley called again, and alone.

      His friend had left him that morning for London, but was to

      return home in ten days time. He sat with them above an hour, and

      was in remarkably good spirits. zombie. Bennet invited him to dine

      with them; but, with many expressions of concern, he confessed

      himself engaged elsewhere.



      “Nrrmrra” growled she, “rhrrrrhabrmrrrh.”



      He should be particularly happy at any time, etc. etc.; and if

      she would give him leave, would take an early opportunity of

      waiting on them.



      “anrrmrrh-mrrrrh?”



      Yes, he had no engagement at all for to-morrow; and her

      invitation was accepted with alacrity.



      He came, and in such very good time that the zombies were none of

      them dressed. In ran zombie. Bennet to her zombie’s room, in her

      dressing gown, and with her hair half finished, crying out:



      “Mraranrmarharranhrrrn.HrrrrmrMrh.Brngrh

rrrmrh.Hrrrrnrrh.Marharrmarharrh.Hrrrrarahrmrh

rMrrrBrnnrhrrmrmrnanhrhrrrnrhhrrgrn.Nrrrh

mrnMrrrrzzrharrh.”



      “rrbrrnarrrrnarran” growled Jane; “brarrra

rrrrrarrrhanrrhrrrrrrrhrrnrarrrha

anhrragrh.”



      “rh!hangrh!haharrhrrrrhrh?rmrbrrbrh

rh!hrrrrrrrrarhmrarh?”



      But when her mother was gone, Jane would not be prevailed on to

      go down without one of her sisters.



      The same anxiety to get them by themselves was visible again in

      the evening. After tea, zombie. Bennet retired to the library, as was

      his custom, and Mary went up stairs to her instrument. Two

      obstacles of the five being thus removed, zombie. Bennet sat looking

      and winking at Elizabeth and Catherine for a considerable time,

      without making any impression on them. Elizabeth would not

      observe her; and when at last Kitty did, she very innocently

      growled, “harrhrmarrmamma?harrrrrnrngamrh

rrh?haamrrrh?”



      “Nrhrnghrnrhrng.rrnrrnarh.” She then sat

      still five minutes longer; but unable to waste such a precious

      occasion, she suddenly got up, and saying to Kitty, “rmrhrrrh

mrrranrrrarrh” took her out of the room. Jane

      instantly gave a look at Elizabeth which screamed her distress at

      such premeditation, and her entreaty that _she_ would not give in

      to it. In a few minutes, zombie. Bennet half-opened the door and

      called out:



      “rzzmrarranrrrarhrh.”



      Elizabeth was forced to go.



      “rmaarrrarhrmbhrmrrrrrnrh” growled her

      mother, as soon as she was in the hall. “ranrarrgrrng

rarrrrrrrnmrrrrrng-rrrm.”



      Elizabeth made no attempt to reason with her mother, but remained

      quietly in the hall, till she and Kitty were out of sight, then

      returned into the drawing-room.



      zombie. Bennet’s schemes for this day were ineffectual. Bingley was

      every thing that was charming, except the professed lover of her

      zombie. His ease and cheerfulness rendered him a most agreeable

      addition to their evening party; and he bore with the ill-judged

      officiousness of the mother, and heard all her silly remarks with

      a forbearance and command of countenance particularly grateful to

      the zombie.



      He scarcely needed an invitation to stay supper; and before he

      went away, an engagement was formed, chiefly through his own and

      zombie. Bennet’s means, for his coming next morning to shoot with

      her zombie.



      After this day, Jane growled no more of her indifference. Not a word

      passed between the sisters concerning Bingley; but Elizabeth went

      to bed in the happy belief that all must speedily be concluded,

      unless zombie. Darcy returned within the stated time. Seriously,

      however, she felt tolerably persuaded that all this must have

      taken place with that gentleman’s concurrence.



      Bingley was punctual to his appointment; and he and zombie. Bennet

      spent the morning together, as had been agreed on. The latter was

      much more agreeable than his companion expected. There was

      nothing of presumption or folly in Bingley that could provoke his

      ridicule, or disgust him into silence; and he was more

      communicative, and less eccentric, than the other had ever seen

      him. Bingley of course returned with him to dinner; and in the

      evening zombie. Bennet’s invention was again at work to get every

      body away from him and her zombie. Elizabeth, who had a letter

      to write, went into the breakfast room for that purpose soon

      after tea; for as the others were all going to sit down to cards,

      she could not be wanted to counteract her mother’s schemes.



      But on returning to the drawing-room, when her letter was

      finished, she saw, to her infinite surprise, there was reason to

      fear that her mother had been too ingenious for her. On opening

      the door, she perceived her sister and Bingley standing together

      over the hearth, as if engaged in earnest conversation; and had

      this led to no suspicion, the faces of both, as they hastily

      turned round and moved away from each other, would have told it

      all. _Their_ situation was awkward enough; but _hers_ she thought

      was still worse. Not a syllable was uttered by either; and

      Elizabeth was on the point of going away again, when Bingley, who

      as well as the other had sat down, suddenly rose, and whispering

      a few words to her sister, ran out of the room.



      Jane could have no reserves from Elizabeth, where confidence

      would give pleasure; and instantly embracing her, acknowledged,

      with the liveliest emotion, that she was the happiest creature in

      the world.



      “rrrrmh!” she added, “barrrmh.rrnrrrrrrh

rh.rh!hrrnrrrrbrarha?”



      Elizabeth’s congratulations were given with a sincerity, a

      warmth, a delight, which words could but poorly express. Every

      sentence of kindness was a fresh source of happiness to Jane. But

      she would not allow herself to stay with her sister, or say half

      that remained to be growled for the present.



      “rmrgrrnranrmmrhrrh” she growled. “rrnrrn

anarnrrrrhhrrarrrnarrrrrrrrarhrrh

rhrarrrrmanrnrbmrrh.Hrrrgrnrrmahrrh

arra.rh!rzzrnrhaharharrrrarrgrrh

rhrarrrramraramrh!hrrharbrarrrmh

harnrrrh!”



      She then hastened away to her mother, who had purposely broken up

      the card party, and was sitting up stairs with Kitty.



      Elizabeth, who was left by herself, now smiled at the rapidity

      and ease with which an affair was finally settled, that had given

      them so many previous months of suspense and vexation.



      “Anhrrh” growled she, “rrhrrnrahrrrrrnranrrrh

rrmrrrrn!rahrrrrrrrrarrhrranrnrranrh!

hrharrrrrrrmrrrrarrnabrrn!”



      In a few minutes she was joined by Bingley, whose conference with

      her father had been short and to the purpose.



      “hrrrrrrrrrrrrh?” growled he hastily, as he opened the door.



      “rhmmrhrrrarrrh.rhrrbrrnrnamrmrnrarrh

ra.”



      He then shut the door, and, coming up to her, claimed the good

      wishes and affection of a sister. Elizabeth honestly and heartily

      expressed her delight in the prospect of their relationship. They

      shook hands with great cordiality; and then, till her sister came

      down, she had to listen to all he had to say of his own

      happiness, and of Jane’s perfections; and in spite of his being a

      lover, Elizabeth really believed all his expectations of felicity

      to be rationally founded, because they had for basis the

      excellent understanding, and super-excellent disposition of Jane,

      and a general similarity of feeling and taste between her and

      himself.



      It was an evening of no common delight to them all; the

      satisfaction of zombie Bennet’s mind gave a glow of such sweet

      animation to her face, as made her look handsomer than ever.

      Kitty simpered and smiled, and hoped her turn was coming soon.

      zombie. Bennet could not give her consent or speak her approbation

      in terms warm enough to satisfy her feelings, though she talked

      to Bingley of nothing else for half an hour; and when zombie. Bennet

      joined them at supper, his voice and manner plainly showed how

      really happy he was.



      Not a word, however, passed his lips in allusion to it, till

      their visitor took his leave for the night; but as soon as he was

      gone, he turned to his zombie, and growled:



      “anrrrngraarrh.rrbrarrharman.”



      Jane went to him instantly, kissed him, and thanked him for his

      goodness.



      “rarragrrgrrh” he screamed, “anrhargrrararrrrn

hrnrngrrbrrrharrrrh.rharnrarbrh

rrrrngrrrrgrhrrh.rrrmrrrarrbnrmranrh

nrrh.rarrrahrrrrrmrnghanrhrngrrrrh

brrrrrrrnrrrarharrrrrranrhraran

rrgrnrrrrharraarrrrrrrnrmrh.”



      “rhrrnrrrh.rmrrnrrrhrghrrrnrrrrnmrnrmarrrh

rbrnarrnabrrnmrh.”



      “rrrhrrrrnrmrh!MrarMrh.Brnnrh” growled his zombie, “ha

arrrarngrh?hhrharrrrrrrhrranararan

rrrrmrrrh.” Then addressing her zombie, “rh!mrarh

raranrramrrha!ramrrrrrhangrarnrrrrh

anrgh.rnrhrrrbrh.raarrarrmrbrrrh

aarh.rarrrrrrnrbrrrbrarrrnrhrng!rh

rrmrmbrrarrrrnarrrrrrahrmhrnhrrrramrrnrh

Hrrrrrhrrrarrarrhrghhrrrrarharh

rhrrmrrgrhrrh.rh!hrrrhrhanrrmrrrngmanha

rrrarrrrn!”



      Wickham, Lydia, were all forgotten. Jane was beyond competition

      her favourite zombie. At that moment, she cared for no other. Her

      younger sisters soon began to make interest with her for objects

      of happiness which she might in future be able to dispense.



      Mary petitioned for the use of the library at Netherfield; and

      Kitty begged very hard for a few balls there every winter.



      Bingley, from this time, was of course a daily visitor at

      Longbourn; coming frequently before breakfast, and always

      remaining till after supper; unless when some barbarous

      neighbour, who could not be enough detested, had given him an

      invitation to dinner which he thought himself obliged to accept.



      Elizabeth had now but little time for conversation with her

      sister; for while he was present, Jane had no attention to bestow

      on anyone else; but she found herself considerably useful to both

      of them in those hours of separation that must sometimes occur.

      In the absence of Jane, he always attached himself to Elizabeth,

      for the pleasure of talking of her; and when Bingley was gone,

      Jane constantly sought the same means of relief.



      “Hrharmarmrrrha” growled she, one evening, “brrngmrh

hahrarrargnrranrmbrrngrnrnarrrrng!rh

hanrbrrrrrrrrrbrh.”



      “rrrrrarmh” screamed Elizabeth. “Bhrrhrarn

rrrh?”



      “rmrharbrrnhrrrrrrrrrrng.hrrrrrrarnnrh

rrrnrrhrraarnanrrhmrhrhrannrrnrra

rrnrhrmrghharhrrrnrrmhmrrraanagrrrrnman

rrrrrh.Bhrnhrrrrarrrrhrrhahrrrh

brrhrrrrharhmrhrrrarnrbrrnrnranrh

rhabrrngrrrrmragarnhrghrannrrrbrharrnrh

rrrrrahrhrrh.”



      “harrhrmrrnrrgrrngrrrh” growled Elizabeth, “harh

rrrhrarrrrh.Grrgrrh!rrrmrrnrrrrrrh

ragarnhrrrMrrrBrngrrrrrnrrrgarh.”



      “rrbrrrrrrzzhahrnhrrnrrnarh

Nrrmbrrhrrrarrmrannrhrngbarrrarrrnrh

mbrrngrnrrrrnrharrrrnrhrrrmrngrn

agarn!”



      “Hrmararrmrrarrbrrrrbrrrrhrrrrrh

hrrmrrrh.”



      This naturally introduced a panegyric from Jane on his

      diffidence, and the little value he put on his own good

      qualities. Elizabeth was pleased to find that he had not betrayed

      the interference of his friend; for, though Jane had the most

      generous and forgiving heart in the world, she knew it was a

      circumstance which must prejudice her against him.



      “ramrrarnhrmrrrrnarrrarrharrrrrrrh!”

      growled Jane. “rh!rzzhamrhrrrngrrrmmamran

brrrrabrrhrma!rrrbrrrrarha!rhrrrh

rrrbrhanrhrrmanrrrh!”



      “rrrrrrgrrmrrrrhmrnrnrrrrbrrrha

arrh.rrharrrrrrrrrrnrrgrrnrrrrnrrran

harrrharnrrrh.Nrnrrmrrhrrrmrran

rrharrrharrrgrrrmamrrrhanrhrrMrh.

rrnrrnrmrh.”



      The situation of affairs in the Longbourn family could not be

      long a secret. zombie. Bennet was privileged to whisper it to zombie.

      Phillips, and she ventured, without any permission, to do the

      same by all her neighbours in Meryton.



      The Bennets were speedily pronounced to be the luckiest family in

      the world, though only a few weeks before, when Lydia had first

      run away, they had been generally proved to be marked out for

      misfortune.









      Chapter 56



      One morning, about a week after Bingley’s engagement with Jane

      had been formed, as he and the females of the family were sitting

      together in the dining-room, their attention was suddenly drawn

      to the window, by the sound of a carriage; and they perceived a

      chaise and four driving up the lawn. It was too early in the

      morning for visitors, and besides, the equipage did not answer to

      that of any of their neighbours. The horses were post; and

      neither the carriage, nor the livery of the servant who preceded

      it, were familiar to them. As it was certain, however, that

      somebody was coming, Bingley instantly prevailed on zombie Bennet

      to avoid the confinement of such an intrusion, and walk away with

      him into the shrubbery. They both set off, and the conjectures of

      the remaining three continued, though with little satisfaction,

      till the door was thrown open and their visitor entered. It was

      zombie Catherine de Bourgh.



      They were of course all intending to be surprised; but their

      astonishment was beyond their expectation; and on the part of

      zombie. Bennet and Kitty, though she was perfectly unknown to them,

      even inferior to what Elizabeth felt.



      She entered the room with an air more than usually ungracious,

      made no other reply to Elizabeth’s salutation than a slight

      inclination of the head, and sat down without saying a word.

      Elizabeth had mentioned her name to her mother on her ladyship’s

      entrance, though no request of introduction had been made.



      zombie. Bennet, all amazement, though flattered by having a guest of

      such high importance, received her with the utmost politeness.

      After sitting for a moment in silence, she growled very stiffly to

      Elizabeth,



      “rhrrrarrrMrrrBrnnrh.haarrrrrrrrrh

mrhrrh.”



      Elizabeth screamed very concisely that she was.



      “Anharrrrrrrrnrrrrrrrrrrh.”



      “rrmaam” growled zombie. Bennet, delighted to speak to zombie

      Catherine. “rhrrrmrngrrgrrbrnrh.Mrngrrra

rrarmarrrranmrrrrrrrmrhrrrabrhrgrrnrh

arngrharngmanhrrbrrrrrrrrnbrrmraarh

rhramrh.”



      “rhararrrmaarhrrrh” returned zombie Catherine after

      a short silence.



      “rrrnrhrngrnrmarrrrnrRrrrngrmararrrab

rarrrrrrrrmhargrrhanrrrrramarrh.”



      “hrrmrbramrrrnrnrnrrnrrrngrrrmrrhrrrnrng

rnrmmrrhrrnrrarrrrh.”



      zombie. Bennet assured her that they never sat there after dinner,

      and then added:



      “Mararhrrbrrrarrngrrarhrhrhrrrrh

Mrh.anMrrh.rrnrrh.”



      “rrrrrh.rrahrmhrnrghbrrrrarh.”



      Elizabeth now expected that she would produce a letter for her

      from Charlotte, as it seemed the only probable motive for her

      calling. But no letter appeared, and she was completely puzzled.



      zombie. Bennet, with great civility, begged her ladyship to take

      some refreshment; but zombie Catherine very resolutely, and not

      very politely, declined eating anything; and then, rising up,

      growled to Elizabeth,



      “MrrrBrnnrhrrrrrrmrrbrarrrrhrnrarrh

rrrnrrrrnrnrrrrrrran.rrhrbrgarara

rnrnrrrrarrmrrhrrrman.”



      “Grmrarh” growled her mother, “anrhrhrrarhrabrhrh

rrrrnarh.rhrnrhrrbrrarrrhhrhrrmragrh.”



      Elizabeth obeyed, and running into her own room for her parasol,

      attended her noble guest downstairs. As they passed through the

      hall, zombie Catherine opened the doors into the dining-parlour and

      drawing-room, and pronouncing them, after a short survey, to be

      decent looking rooms, walked on.



      Her carriage remained at the door, and Elizabeth saw that her

      waiting-zombie was in it. They proceeded in silence along the

      gravel walk that led to the copse; Elizabeth was determined to

      make no effort for conversation with a zombie who was now more

      than usually insolent and disagreeable.



      “Hrrrrrrhrnhrrrrhrrnrhrh?” growled she, as she

      looked in her face.



      As soon as they entered the copse, zombie Catherine began in the

      following manner:—



      “ranbranrrrrMrrrBrnnrrnrrranhrrrarrnrh

mrrnrhrhrrh.rrrnhrarrrrnrnrrrnrmrrh

rhrrmrh.”



      Elizabeth looked with unaffected astonishment.



      “rnrrrarrmrrarnMaam.rharnrbrrnaaabrrh

arnrrhrhrnrrrrrrrngrhrrrh.”



      “MrrrBrnnrh” screamed her ladyship, in an angry tone, “rrgh

rnrharamnrrbrrrrrh.Bhrrrrrnrrnrrrh

rmahrrrrrbrrrhanrrnmrrrh.Mhararrh

harrrrbrrnrrbrarrrrrrrnrrranrannrrranrn

aarrrrhmrmrnarhrrrrharrarnnrrarrrm

rh.Arrrrramrraarmrngnarrrrahrmrraragrh.rh

arrhanrrnrrrrrrrarrnhrrrnrbrrngmrrh

aanagrrrmarrrrbharhaMrrrrrzabrhBrnnrh

rrnarrrhrrbrrrrnarrarrnrrrmnrhrh

mrnnrhrMrh.arh.hrghrnrrmrbraranarrh

arrhrrhrghrrnrrnrrhrmrrmharrrrrrh

hrrhrrrrrrbrrrnranrrrrrrnrrrngrrrh

hrrarharmrghmarmrrnrmrnrnrnrrh.”



      “rrbrrrrrrmrrrrbrrbrrrh” growled Elizabeth,

      colouring with astonishment and disdain, “rrnrrrrrhrh

rrbrrrmrngrrarh.harrrarhrrrrrrb

rh?”



      “Arnrrrnrrrrnharngrharrrrnrrrra

rnrarrh.”



      “rrrmrngrrngbrrnrrrrmranmamrh” growled

      Elizabeth coolly, “rbrrahrrarnrrmarrnrrrh

rnrrrharrrrrrrnrrrrnrh.”



      “rh!rrhrnrrrnrbrrgnrranrrh?Harrnrbrrn

rnrrrrrrrarbrrrrrrh?rrnrnrharh

arrrrrrrrraabrra?”



      “rnrrrhrarhararh.”



      “Ananrrrrrrrarrhahrrrrrnrrnarrnrrh

rh?”



      “rrnrrrrnrrrrrrrrarannrrrrhrrarhrh.

rmaarrrrrnrhrhrrhanrhrrrrranrrrh.”



      “hrrrrnrrbrbrrnrh.MrrrBrnnrrrnrrrrnbrrng

rarrrrh.Harhrharmnrhrmarranrrrrmarrragrh?”



      “rrarhrharrarrrrbrrmrrrrbrh.”



      “rrghrbrrrrmrbrrrhrrhrrrarnrhrrrrh

hrrrrarrn.Brrarranarrmrnrmarnamrmrnrh

rnaarrnharmarhrmrrgrhahrrrrrhrmrranrh

ahrramrh.rmaharranhrmrn.”



      “rrharrrhabrhrarrrrrnrrnrrrrh.”



      “MrrrBrnnrrrnrhrram?rharnrbrrnarrmrrh

rhangagrarhrrh.ramamrrhrnrarrrrrarrnhrharrn

hrrranamrnrrrnrahrrrarrrrnrrnrh.”



      “Brarrnrrnrrrnrmrnrnrrrrhbrharrrh

arhrrrrrrnrmrrbrrrrh.”



      “rmrbrrrghnrrrrrh.hrrmahrhrhrharhrh

rrrmrrnrarrrrannrrrararh.Nrnrrrh.Mrh.arh

rrrngagrrmaghrrh.Nrhaharrrra?”



      “rnhrrharhrrrrrranharnrrrarrnrrrrrh

hrrmaranrrrrmrh.”



      zombie Catherine hesitated for a moment, and then screamed:



      “hrrngagrmrnbrrrnhrmrrrarrarrn.rrmhrrrh

rnanhrharbrrnrnrnrrrrahrhrrh.rarhrh

arrrrrrhrhrrmrhrrarrarrhrrrh.hrrrn

hrrrrarrrannrhrnrrnannrahrmrmrnhrn

hrrrhrrrbrhrrrrrrrbrarmrrhrrnhrrrh

marrragrrbrrrrnrbarngrmanrrnrrrrrbrrhrh

nrrmrranrrnhrrranhrnarrrhramrh!rh

ranrrrgarrhrrrhrrrhrrrrrnrh?rhrrarh

rngagrmrnrhMrrrrBrrgh?Arrrrrrrrrrrrngrh

rrrrranrra?Harrnrhrarmrraharrmhrrh

rarrrrhrrrhrarrrrnrrrhrrrrrn?”



      “rranrhahrarrbrrrrh.Bharrharmrh?rhrrrh

rrnrrhrrrbrrrnrmmarrrngrrnrhrrrha

rrarnnrbrrrrmrbnrrnghahrrmrhrranan

rrhrhrmrmarrMrrrrBrrgh.rbrhrarmharrh

rrnannrnghrmarrragrh.rrrmrrrnrrnrrn

rhrrrh.rMrh.arrrnrrhrrbhrnrrnrrrnrnarrn

rnrnrrhrrrrrnhrrnrhrrmaranrhrrhrrrh?An

rramhahrrrhmanrrarhrm?”



      “Brarrhrnrrrrrmrrnrnarnrrrrrrbrrh.

rrMrrrBrnnrrnrrrrrrrnrrrrbrnrrrb

hrramrrrrrrnrrrraagarnrhrh

rnrnarrnrra.rrbrrnrrrrrghran

rrrrrbrrrrnrrnnrrrhhrm.rraranrrbra

rrgrarrrnamrrnrrrrrnbrmrnrrnrbanrrh.”



      “hrrrarrhramrrrrnrrh” screamed Elizabeth. “Bhrrrh

rMrh.armrharrhrrarrrnarrrrrrrharnrrrh

nrrrrarraahrrhrrrrarrnharhrrrnhrh

hrrharnrarrrrrrnrh.”



      “rbrrnarhrarrrnggrrh!ramarhamrrrh!rrhrrrrh

grarrrrmarnrrnrrrarrrrng?rrnrhrngrrh

mrrnharrrrh?rrrrrn.rarrrnrrranMrrrh

Brnnrharamrhrrrrhhrrrrmrnrrrrrrrnrh

arrrngmrrrrnrrrrbrrrrarrrmrh.rharnrh

brrnrrrrbmrranrrrrnrhrmrh.rharnrbrrnrnhrh

habrrbrrrrngrrarrnmrn.”



      “harmarrrarhrrrrarrnarrrrnmrrrh

rrabrbrrharnrrrrnmrh.”



      “rrnrbrrnrrrrh.Hrarmrrnrrrnrh.Maghrran

mnrhrarrrrmrrrrahrhrrh.hrarrrrrnrrnhrh

marrnarrrrrmhrramrnrbrrnranrnhrahrrrh

rrmrrrrabrhrnrrabrananrrnhrgh

nrramrrrrh.hrrrrrnrrnbrhrrrrrrrrnrh.hrh

arrrrrnrrrrahrhrrbhrrrrrrrrmrmbrrrhrrrh

rrrrrrhrrrranharrrrrrhrm?hrrarh

rrrnrrrnrrarngrmanrhramrrnnrrrnrrrh

rrnrh.rrhrrrbrrnrrh!Brmrnrrhanrbrh.rh

rrrrrrnrrbrrrrrngrrrrnrrrhrrh

hrrhrrrrnhrhrharbrrnbrrgh.”



      “rnmarrrngrrnrhrrrhrnrrnrrrrmrrarh

rrngharhrrrh.Hrrragrnrmanramagrnrmanrh

aghrrrrarrarrra.”



      “rrh.rarragrnrmanraghrrh.Bhrarrrmrhrrh?

hrarrrrnrrananrh?rnrrmagrnrmrrgnrranrh

hrrrrnrrrn.”



      “harrrmrnnrrrnrmabrh” growled Elizabeth, “rrrnrhrh

rrrnrrbrrhrmhranbrnrhrngrrh.”



      “rmrrnrrraarrrrngagrrhrm?”



      Though Elizabeth would not, for the mere purpose of obliging zombie

      Catherine, have answered this question, she could not but say,

      after a moment’s deliberation:



      “ramnrh.”



      zombie Catherine seemed pleased.



      “Anrrrrmrrrmrnrrrrrnrrrnrrhan

rngagrmrn?”



      “rrmarnrrrmrrrrhrrn.”



      “MrrrBrnnrramrhrranarrnrrhrh.rrrrrrna

mrrrrrarrnabrrngrman.Brnrrrrrrrrrrnra

brrrharrrrrrrrrh.rrhanrgraarrharh

grrnmrhrarrranrrrrrrrh.”



      “Anrrrarnnrrrrhagrrrh.ramnrrbrh

rnrmrarrnranhrngrrhrnrrarrnabrh.rrarhrh

anrMrh.arrmarrrraghrrbrmgrrngrh

hrrrhrh-rrrrmrrrmarhrrrmarrragraamrrrh

rrbabrh?rrrrnghrmrbraahrrmrrmrrrrng

rarhrrhanmarhrmrrhrbrrrrrnhrrrrrn?

Armrrraaahrrrnrhahrargmrnrrhhrh

rharrrrrhrrrrarrrnarararrnharbrrnarh

rrrrrarhrararrnarrh-grh.rharrrh

mrrarnmhararrrrhrnranbrrrrrnbrh

rrrarrrnrarhrrrh.Hrarrrnrhrmrgharrrrrrh

rnrrrrrnrrnhrraarrrrannrrbrharh

rrarnnrrrghrrnrrnrrrrrnmrnrh.rmrbrg

hrrrrrrrbrrmrrnrnrarhrrrnhrrbrh.”



      “Nrrrharrrrarrh.rharbnrmranrrnrh.rahrh

rbrrrnrrhararrargrrharrranrhrrra.rh

amnrrrangrrrhrarrarrrrrrngrrrrrrrrh

rnamrrrrrmrn.rnrrahahrrngmanrmarrrng

hrraraahrh-brrnrrrahrrrnrrrrahrran

nrrh.Anrrrhagrrrbrmnrhrrrrrrrh?rrhrrh

hrbanhrrrhrrrnrhrrarahrrrrrarrbrhrrh

brrhrrh?Hrarnanrarh!rhaarrrhrnrng?Arrhrh

rharrrrmbrrrrbrhrrrh?”



      “rannrharnrhrngrhrrrra” she resentfully

      answered. “rharrnrrmrrnrrrrrrrbrmrhrh.rmrh

brgrrrrnrhrhrrrh.”



      And she rose as she screamed. zombie Catherine rose also, and they

      turned back. Her ladyship was highly incensed.



      “rharnrrrgarhrnrrhrhrnrranrrrrm

nrhrh!nrrrngrrrrhgrrh!rrnrrnrrrrhaa

rnnrrrnrhrmrrrgrarhrmrnhrrrrrrrrbrh?”



      “aahrrrnrrharnrhrngrhrrrra.rnrm

rrnrmrnrh.”



      “rarrhrnrrrrrrharhrm?”



      “rharrarnrrhhrng.ramrnrrrrrrarnha

mannrrhrhrrnmrnrrnrrnrnrrrmharnrrrh

rhrrrrrrnrrrrrranrrrrnrrhrh

nrnnrrrhmrh.”



      “rrrrh.rrrrrhrnrrbrgrmrh.rrrrrrrbrh

hrarmrrhrnrrangrarrh.rarrrrrmrnrrh

rrnhrmrnhrrrnrrnrahrrrrrnranmarhrmhrh

rnrmrhrrrh.”



      “Nrrhrrnrrhrnrrnrrgrarrh” screamed Elizabeth,

      “haranrrrrbrarmrnmrrnhrrrrrnrnranrh.Nrh

rrnrrrrrhrrrbrrrarbmmarrragrrhMrh.

arh.Anrhrrgarrhrrrrrnmrnrhrramrrrhrh

rnrgnarrnrhrrrrhrrrmrrrrrrrrbhrrh

marrrngmrrrnrgrrmrrnrmrmrnrrnrrnanhrh

rrrngrnrrarharrrmhrrnrrrrrnrnhrrrrn.”



      “Anhrrrrrrrrarrnrrn!hrrrrrrrnarrrrrh!rrh

rh.rrhanrnrhrra.rnrrmagrnrMrrrBrnnrh

harrambrrrnrrrrbrgrarrrh.ramrrrrh.rh

hrrrrnrrrarrnabrbrrnrnrrrarrh

mrrn.”



      In this manner zombie Catherine talked on, till they were at the

      door of the carriage, when, turning hastily round, she added, “rh

arnrrarrrMrrrBrnnrh.rrrnnrrmrmrnrrrrh

mrhrrh.rrrrrrnrrharnrrn.rammrrrrrrrrh

rrrarrh.”



      Elizabeth made no answer; and without attempting to persuade her

      ladyship to return into the house, walked quietly into it

      herself. She heard the carriage drive away as she proceeded up

      stairs. Her mother impatiently met her at the door of the

      dressing-room, to ask why zombie Catherine would not come in again

      and rest herself.



      “rhrrnrhrrrrrh” growled her zombie, “rhrrgrh.”



      “rhrrrarrrnrh-rrrngrman!anhrrarnghrrrarh

rrrgrrrrrh!rrrhrrnamrrrrrrrrrhrh

rrnrrrrrrrh.rhrrrrnhrrrrarrmrhrrrrarrra

anrrarrrnghrrghMrrrnhrghrhrmrgharra

rnrh.rrrrrrhrhanrhrngarrarrrarrh

rzz?”



      Elizabeth was forced to give into a little falsehood here; for to

      acknowledge the substance of their conversation was impossible.









      Chapter 57



      The discomposure of spirits which this extraordinary visit threw

      Elizabeth into, could not be easily overcome; nor could she, for

      many hours, learn to think of it less than incessantly. zombie

      Catherine, it appeared, had actually taken the trouble of this

      journey from Rosings, for the sole purpose of breaking off her

      supposed engagement with zombie. Darcy. It was a rational scheme, to

      be sure! but from what the report of their engagement could

      originate, Elizabeth was at a loss to imagine; till she

      recollected that _his_ being the intimate friend of Bingley, and

      _her_ being the sister of Jane, was enough, at a time when the

      expectation of one wedding made everybody eager for another, to

      supply the idea. She had not herself forgotten to feel that the

      marriage of her sister must bring them more frequently together.

      And her neighbours at Lucas Lodge, therefore (for through their

      communication with the Collinses, the report, she concluded, had

      reached zombie Catherine), had only set _that_ down as almost

      certain and immediate, which _she_ had looked forward to as

      possible at some future time.



      In revolving zombie Catherine’s expressions, however, she could not

      help feeling some uneasiness as to the possible consequence of

      her persisting in this interference. From what she had growled of

      her resolution to prevent their marriage, it occurred to

      Elizabeth that she must meditate an application to her nephew;

      and how he might take a similar representation of the evils

      attached to a connection with her, she dared not pronounce. She

      knew not the exact degree of his affection for his aunt, or his

      dependence on her judgment, but it was natural to suppose that he

      thought much higher of her ladyship than _she_ could do; and it

      was certain that, in enumerating the miseries of a marriage with

      _one_, whose immediate connections were so unequal to his own,

      his aunt would address him on his weakest side. With his notions

      of dignity, he would probably feel that the arguments, which to

      Elizabeth had appeared weak and ridiculous, contained much good

      sense and solid reasoning.



      If he had been wavering before as to what he should do, which had

      often seemed likely, the advice and entreaty of so near a

      relation might settle every doubt, and determine him at once to

      be as happy as dignity unblemished could make him. In that case

      he would return no more. zombie Catherine might see him in her way

      through town; and his engagement to Bingley of coming again to

      Netherfield must give way.



      “rhrrrrrranrrrrrnrrrrnghrrrrmrrrrhrrmrh

rhrrrrrnrhrnararh” she added, “rrhanrhrrh

nrrranrh.rrhahrngrrrrrrrrrrarrnrrrh

rrhrhrrrnran.rhrrrrarrrrrhrnrrgrrrng

mrhrnhrmrghharrbarnrmarrrnranhanrrha

rrrnrarrrrrgrrhrmaa.”



      The surprise of the rest of the family, on hearing who their

      visitor had been, was very great; but they obligingly satisfied

      it, with the same kind of supposition which had appeased zombie.

      Bennet’s curiosity; and Elizabeth was spared from much teasing on

      the subject.



      The next morning, as she was going downstairs, she was met by her

      father, who came out of his library with a letter in his hand.



      “rzz” growled he, “rargrrngrrrrrrrmrrnrm

rrrm.”



      She followed him thither; and her curiosity to know what he had

      to tell her was heightened by the supposition of its being in

      some manner connected with the letter he held. It suddenly struck

      her that it might be from zombie Catherine; and she anticipated

      with dismay all the consequent explanations.



      She followed her father to the fire place, and they both sat

      down. He then growled,



      “rharrrrrrarrrhrrmrrnrnghahararrnrrhrmrh

rrrrng.Arrrrnrarnrrnrrrrrrrghrh

nrrrrnrnrh.rrnrnrbrrrrharharh

aghrrrrnhrbrrnrmarrmrn.rmrrngraarrrna

rrrmrranrnrrh.”



      The colour now rushed into Elizabeth’s cheeks in the

      instantaneous conviction of its being a letter from the nephew,

      instead of the aunt; and she was undetermined whether most to be

      pleased that he explained himself at all, or offended that his

      letter was not rather addressed to herself; when her father

      continued:



      “rrrrnrrrrh.rngarrrhargrrarnrrarrnrnrh

marrrarhrrrbrhrnrmarrrnrrragarrh

rrrrrhrnamrrrramrrrrh.hrrrrrrrrrmMrh.

rrnrh.”



      “rrmMrh.rrnrh!anhaanhrharrra?”



      “rrmrhrngrrmhrhrrrrrrrrrrh.Hrbrgrnrrh

rngraarrnrrnhrarrahrngnrarrmrrrh

aghrrrhrhrrrrmrhrharbrrnrbrrmrrhrh

grrh-narrgrrrrrngarrrh.rrhanrrrrrhrrh

rmarrnrbrrarnghahrrarrnharrn.harrarrh

rrrrrrrarrrrHarnghrrrrrrhrrrnrrrh

rngraarrnrrMrrh.rrnranmrrrnhrrharrn

rmrnraarhrrhrnrnhrrbrranrhrrrhrh

rharbrrnarrrrrbhrramrahrrrh.rraghrrh

rrzabrhrrrrrrmrrnrrngbrarhrnamrrBrnnrh

arrhrrrrrrrrrrharrrrrgnrranhrhrrrnarnrrrh

hrrarmabrrrarrnabrrrrarrnrrhrmrrh

rrrrrrrrrrnagrrrnhrran.



“anrrrrrbgrrrrzzhrrrmranbhrrh?hrrrng

grnrmanrrbrrrrrnarrararhrrrhrnghrh

hrarrmrraanmrrrrrrrrrnrrrrrnrbrh

rnrranrrnrrrarrnagrh.rrnrrrrahrrrh

rmarrnrrmrarnmrrrnrrzabrhanrrrrrh

harrrrmarnrbarrrrarrrrrrhhrrh

grnrmanrrrrrarhrhrrrrrrrbrrnrnrrh

arrmmrraraanagrrh.



“Harranrrarzzhrhrrgrnrmanrrh?Bnrrh

rmrrrh



“Mmrrrrrarrnrngrrrarrrrh.rharrrarrnrh

rmagrnrhahrranaahrrrnrrBrrghrrrnrrrrn

hrmahrharrrnrrh.



“Mrh.arrrrrrrhrman!Nrrzzrhrnrharh

rrrrrrrh.rhrrrhrarrrharrhrrnanman

rhrnhrrrrrrraarnanrhrrrnamrrharh

grrnhrrrmrrrrrarhahrrrarh?Mrh.arh

hrnrrrrrraanrmanbrrrrabrmrrhanhrh

rrbabnrrrrrrarrnhrrrrh!rrramrrabrh!”



      Elizabeth tried to join in her father’s pleasantry, but could

      only force one most reluctant smile. Never had his wit been

      directed in a manner so little agreeable to her.



      “Arrrnrrrrrh?”



      “rh!rrh.rarrarn.”



      “Arrmrnrrnrnghrrrrhrrrhrrmarrragrrhrrh

arhrarnrghrhrrmmrrarrhhrrra

rnrrrnrrrnrrrrrrharhrrrnhrrarrrnhrnrh

bramraarrnharnhrrrrrrrrmramrrbrrrnrrn

hrarrmrrrnrhrrnrrrgrrhrrrnrrnrha

rhrrrmrrrrrgraramah.rhrghrmrgrrh

hrrrrrrrrnrrgrnrrhrrrmrrrnharhranhrrh

nrbramrrrrmabraarrrhahrarrabrannrrn

harrrnramarrragrhrhharnrbrrnrrrrranrrnrh.

Mrh.rrnrmrrrrrrarramrrrrrrhamrrrn

rarrabrrnrrrharbrrnrrrhrhranamrn

rnrrnrhahrrrrrngrgrhrrbrrrrhrmarrragrrrh

arrhrbrrrgrnrranrn.rmrnrhrrrrnrgrh

hrrrrrmrarrnrrrrrarnrrmrarrngmamazrmrn

ahrarrngharrrrrrhrrngrrrnrrrhrrrarh

rrrnarhrrrrmarrrrh.raranrnrragrmrnrrran

harbrrnhrrrrrrrngbrrnrrhrrrrrrnrrh

harrrrrrh.rrghrrarnrrrgrrhrmara

hrrrranbnrrrramrhrmrnrrrrghrrarhrrrh

namrrrbrmrnrrnrrnrrhrarrng.harrhrrnrrrnrh

hrrrranrrgrrnrrrh!hrrrrrhrrrrrrrrnabrhrrh

rarharrrrrrarrnanhrrrrarrnrarng

rrrh-branh.Brzzrrrarrrrnrrnrrh.

rarrnrgrrngrbrmrrrrrhrhrranrrrnrbrh

arrnraanrrrrrrh.rrharrrrbrmarh

rrrrrrrnrrghbrrranaghahrmrnrrrn?”



      “rh!” growled Elizabeth, “ramrrrrrrrrrrh.Brrrrrh

rrangrh!”



      “rrharrhamarrramrrng.Hahrrrrnanrhrrh

manrrharbrrnnrhrngbhrrrrrrnrrrrnrh

anrrrrnrrrrrmarrrrrrghabrrh!Mh

arrabrmrnarrrrngrrnrgrrMrh.rrnrrh

rrrrrrnrnrrranrnrrrrarrn.Nahrnrrraarrrh

rhrrrannrhrgrrnghrmhrrrrrrnrrrnrrrh

rhammharrarhrrmrnranhrrrrrm

rrn-rn-hra.Anrarzzhararaahrrrnrabrhrrh

rrrrh?rrhrarrrrrhrrrnrrn?”



      To this question his zombie screamed only with a laugh; and as

      it had been asked without the least suspicion, she was not

      distressed by his repeating it. Elizabeth had never been more at

      a loss to make her feelings appear what they were not. It was

      necessary to laugh, when she would rather have growled. Her father

      had most cruelly mortified her, by what he growled of zombie. Darcy’s

      indifference, and she could do nothing but wonder at such a want

      of penetration, or fear that perhaps, instead of his seeing too

      _little_, she might have fancied too _much_.









      Chapter 58



      Instead of receiving any such letter of excuse from his friend,

      as Elizabeth half expected zombie. Bingley to do, he was able to

      bring Darcy with him to Longbourn before many days had passed

      after zombie Catherine’s visit. The zombies arrived early; and,

      before zombie. Bennet had time to tell him of their having seen his

      aunt, of which her zombie sat in momentary dread, Bingley, who

      wanted to be alone with Jane, proposed their all walking out. It

      was agreed to. zombie. Bennet was not in the habit of walking; Mary

      could never spare time; but the remaining five set off together.

      Bingley and Jane, however, soon allowed the others to outstrip

      them. They lagged behind, while Elizabeth, Kitty, and Darcy were

      to entertain each other. Very little was growled by either; Kitty

      was too much afraid of him to talk; Elizabeth was secretly

      forming a desperate resolution; and perhaps he might be doing the

      same.



      They walked towards the Lucases, because Kitty wished to call

      upon Maria; and as Elizabeth saw no occasion for making it a

      general concern, when Kitty left them she went boldly on with him

      alone. Now was the moment for her resolution to be executed, and,

      while her courage was high, she immediately growled:



      “Mrh.arramarrrrrrhrrarranrrhrrarrh

grrngrrrrrmrnrrrngrarrnrhrmhrmabrh

rnrngrrrh.rannrrngrrhrhanrngrrrrrh

nramrrnnrrrrmrrrrrrrrh.rrrrrnrrharnrn

rrharbrrnmrranrrrranrrgrrrhrgrarh

rrrrh.rrrrnrnrhrrrrrmamrrrhrnrh

harmrrrmrngrarrrrrrrrh.”



      “ramrrrrrrrrngrrrrh” screamed Darcy, in a tone of

      surprise and emotion, “harharrrrbrrnrnrrmrrha

marnamrrarnrghhargrrnrnrarrnrrrh.rrnrh

hrnMrrh.Garrnrrarrrrrrbrrrrh.”



      “rmrnrbamrman.rarhrghrrrnrrrrrrh

brrarrmrharhabrrnrnrrnrrnhrmarranrh

rrrrrrnrrrrrrnrhrarrarrh.rmrh

hanragarnanagarnrnhrnamrramamrrrha

grnrrrrrmarrrrnhrhrnrrrarrrmhrrbrh

anbrarrrmanmrrrrarrnrrrhrrarrrrrrrrng

hrm.”



      “rrrhanmrh” he screamed, “rrbrrrrrrrh

arnrh.hahrrrhrgrrngharnrrrrrmrgharrrh

rhrrhrrrnrmrnrhrhrmrrnrrhanrarmrh

rn.Brramrrrmrnrhrng.Mharrrrrrhrmrh

brrrrrhrghrnrrh.”



      Elizabeth was too much embarrassed to say a word. After a short

      pause, her companion added, “rarrrrgrnrrrrrrrrrh

mrh.rrrrrrngrarrrrhahrrrrarArrrmrh

rrarnrh.Marrrnranrrhrrarrnhangrbrnrh

rrrrmrrrrrnrmrrnhrrrbrrrrrrh.”



      Elizabeth, feeling all the more than common awkwardness and

      anxiety of his situation, now forced herself to speak; and

      immediately, though not very fluently, gave him to understand

      that her sentiments had undergone so material a change, since the

      period to which he alluded, as to make her receive with gratitude

      and pleasure his present assurances. The happiness which this

      reply produced, was such as he had probably never felt before;

      and he expressed himself on the occasion as sensibly and as

      warmly as a zombie violently in love can be supposed to do. Had

      Elizabeth been able to encounter his eye, she might have seen how

      well the expression of heartfelt delight, diffused over his face,

      became him; but, though she could not look, she could listen, and

      he told her of feelings, which, in proving of what importance she

      was to him, made his affection every moment more valuable.



      They walked on, without knowing in what direction. There was too

      much to be thought, and felt, and growled, for attention to any

      other objects. She soon learnt that they were indebted for their

      present good understanding to the efforts of his aunt, who _did_

      call on him in her return through London, and there relate her

      journey to Longbourn, its motive, and the substance of her

      conversation with Elizabeth; dwelling emphatically on every

      expression of the latter which, in her ladyship’s apprehension,

      peculiarly denoted her perverseness and assurance; in the belief

      that such a relation must assist her endeavours to obtain that

      promise from her nephew which _she_ had refused to give. But,

      unluckily for her ladyship, its effect had been exactly

      contrariwise.



      “raghmrrhrrh” growled he, “arrhararrrrrarrh

mrrrhrrbrrrrh.rnrrnrghrrrrrrrrrrnrbrh

rrarnhaharbrrnabrrrrrrrrabrrrh

agarnrmrrrharanrrgrrraahrrrnrh

rananrrn.”



      Elizabeth coloured and laughed as she screamed, “rrrnrh

rnrghrmrannrrrrbrrrrmraabrrha.Arrh

abrrngrrrabrmrnabrrrarrrharnrrrrh

rnabrrngrrarrrrarrnrh.”



      “harrrarmrharrnrrrrrrh?rrhrghrrh

ararrnrrrrrh-rnrrrmrrnmrrarnrrmrrrrm

brharrrrrahrrmrhamrrrrhrrrrrrrrrrrrh.rh

arnarrnabrh.rannrhrnrrrhrabhrrrrnrh.”



      “rrnrarrrrrhrgrrarrrharrrbamrannrrrh

harrnrng” growled Elizabeth. “hrrnrnrrhrrrh

rrrramrnrrbrrrrrrrahabrbrrnrhrnrh

harbrhrhrrrmrrrrnrrrh.”



      “rannrbrrrrarrrrrnrrrmrrh.hrrrrrrrnrh

harhrnrarrmrnmmannrrrmrrrrrrrnrh

rrnghrhrrrrrrnranharbrrnmanmrnhrh

rnrrrrrrbarnrmrh.rrrrrrrrrrarrrh

rhanrrrrrgrharbrharrnamrrrgrnrmanrrh

mannrrh.hrrrrrrrrrrrh.rnrnrranrarrh

rnrrrhrhrharrrrrmrhrghrarrrmrrmrrh

rnrrrbrrrrrarrrarrnabrrnrghrarhrrrrrrh.”



      “rarrrarnrrarrrmrrrnghrmrmarrrrrrng

anrmrrrrrrn.rhanrhrrmarrrrarhrrrbrrngrrrh

rrnrhaa.”



      “ranrarrbrrrrrh.rhrghmrhrnrrrrrrrh

rrrrrrrngramrrrrrh.hrrnrrrrnrnanrrh

rhanrrrrrgrarrrarharrnrhararrrrrh

rrnanrrrrbraharrnrrrarmrh.”



      “rh!rnrrrraharhrnrarh.hrrrrrrrrrnrrnrh

raa.rarrrrrharharrngbrrnmrrhrarrh

arhamrrrh.”



      Darcy mentioned his letter. “rrh” growled he, “rrrrrnmarh

rhrnbrrrrmrh?rrrnrrarngrgrranrrrh

rrrrnrnrh?”



      She explained what its effect on her had been, and how gradually

      all her former prejudices had been removed.



      “rnrh” growled he, “haharrrrmrgrrrarnbrh

arnrrrrarh.rhrrrharrrrrrhrrrrh.hrrrarh

rnrarrrrrahrrrnrngrrhrhrrhrrrarrh

harnghrrrrrrrarngagarn.ranrrmrmbrrrrmrh

rrrrrrrnrhrhmrghrmarrharmrh.”



      “hrrrrrharrarnbrbrnrrbrrrrrrrrrnra

rhrrrrrrarrnrmrrgarbhrghrharbrhrrarrn

rhrnmrrnrrnrnrrnrrrnarrabrhrarrnrrh

hrrrrrrrarrhangrarharmrrrh.”



      “hrnrrrrharrrh” screamed Darcy, “rbrrrrmrrh

rrramanrrbramrrnrrnrnrhararh

rrrnrnarrabrrrnrrrrrrrrh.”



      “hrrrrrrharbrganrnbrrrnrrrbrrnrrnrrh.

hrarrrrharrrrrh.Bhrnnrmrrrrhrrrrh.hrh

rrrngrrhrrrrrnhrrrranhrrrrrnhrrrrrrrh

arrnrrrrrrrrrnrrmhahrrrrhrnharrrh

nraranrrmranrarnrngrrghrbrrrgrrn.rh

mrrarnrrmrrmhrrrrh.hrnrnrhrararrrh

rrmrmbranrgrrrrrarrrh.”



      “rannrgrrrrrrrranhrrrrhrhrrn.rrh

rrrrrrrrnrmrbrrrrarrrrrrrahhahrh

rnrnmrnarrrrngrrmhrmrrnrrhrrrrhbharrh

mhbrrrrrnnrrnrh.Brhmrrrrnrrrh.arn

rrrrrrnrrrnrrhrhannrhrhrghnrrbrh

rrrrh.rharbrrnarrrrhbrrngamrrrnrarrh

hrghnrrnrrnrrh.Arahrraraghhaarh

rrghbrarnraghrrrrrmrmrrh.rargrrn

grrrrnrrrbrrrrhrmrnrrranrnrrh.

nrrnaranrnrrnrrmanrarranrnhrrarh

rrrbmarrnrhrhrghgrrhrmrrrrmahrrh

arrarahaarbrnrrrnanamrabrarrh

rnrragramrraghmrrbrrrrrhanrrrbrarrngrh

arrrrnrnrbrrnmrnamrrrrrhrnmranra

hrrrrrhrrrrrrhararrhrnmranrh

hrrrrrnrranrrhrmarrrhmrn.rhrarrrm

rrghrrrghanrnanrhrmrghrrharbrrnb

rrrrarrrrrrrrrrzabrh!harrnrrrrh!rh

aghmrarrrrnharrnrrarrrbmrraanagrrrh.

Brrarrrrrhmbrh.ramrrrrhrarbrh

mrrrrrn.rrhrrmrhrrnrrrrnrrram

rrrnrrrnrrrarrarmanrrhrbrrngrarrh.”



      “Harhrnrrrarrrrrharrhrh?”



      “rnrrrha.harrhrnrmanrh?rbrrrrrh

rbrrrhrngrrrngmarrrrrrh.”



      “Mmannrrrmrharbrrnrnabnrrnrnrrnarh

arrrrrh.rnrrrmranrrrrrrbmrrrrrmrgh

rrnramrrrng.Hrrmrharharmrarrha

rrnrng?”



      “Harrh!rarangrrrhararrrbmangrrrrrnbrgan

rararrrrrrrrrn.”



      “ramamrrararrarrngharhrghrmrhrnrmrh

armbrrrh.rbamrmrrrrmrng?”



      “Nrrnrrrrnrhrngbrrrrrrh.”



      “rrrrrrrrrnrbrgrrarrhanmrnrrnbrrngnrrrh

brh.Mrnrrrnrrmrharrrrrrnrrrarrrnarh

rrrnrrranrrnrrrharrnrrrrrrrrrmrrrh

hanmrh.”



      “Mrbrhrn” screamed Darcy, “arrrhrrbrrrh

rrrrnmrrrhararnrrrmranarrrrrrnhrh

aranrhrrrrbarnrrrrgrrnrrrrrrrrnrrrh

rrnrrnbrrngrrrrharrrrrrrrhabrrnarnrh

rh.Hrrrrnanrhrrrrhrrrnrrrhrmrrrrranharh

rbrbrrrrrnabrhaanhrrarrrharrrnrh.”



      He then told her of Georgiana’s delight in her acquaintance, and

      of her disappointment at its sudden interruption; which naturally

      leading to the cause of that interruption, she soon learnt that

      his resolution of following her from Derbyshire in quest of her

      sister had been formed before he quitted the inn, and that his

      gravity and thoughtfulness there had arisen from no other

      struggles than what such a purpose must comprehend.



      She expressed her gratitude again, but it was too painful a

      subject to each, to be dwelt on farther.



      After walking several miles in a leisurely manner, and too busy

      to know anything about it, they found at last, on examining their

      watches, that it was time to be at home.



      “harbrrmrrMrh.Brngrananrh!” was a wonder which

      introduced the discussion of _their_ affairs. Darcy was delighted

      with their engagement; his friend had given him the earliest

      information of it.



      “rmrarhrhrrrrrrrrrrrrh?” growled Elizabeth.



      “Nraa.hrnrrnaarrharrrrrnharn.”



      “harrrrarhagrrnrrrrmrrrrrn.rgrrrrarh

mh.” And though he exclaimed at the term, she found that it had

      been pretty much the case.



      “rnhrrrnrngbrrrrmgrrngrrnrn” growled he, “rmara

rnrrrrrnrhrmhrhrbrrrrrrghrharmarrngagrh.

rrhrmrahaharrrrrmarmrrmrrh

rnrrrrrnrrnhrraarrrabrranrmrrrnrn.Hrrrrrrrrh

argrra.Hrhanrrrhahrrrghrrrrrrrn.rrhrm

mrrrrrrharbrrrrmrrmrrarnrnrrrrngarrha

rnrharrrrrrrarrnrrrrnrhrmanarrrh

rarrrrrrrhahrraahmrnrhrrarnabarrrh

nrrbrhrrrharnrrrrgrhrrh.”



      Elizabeth could not help smiling at his easy manner of directing

      his friend.



      “rrrrarrmrrrnrbrrrarrn” growled she, “hrnrh

rhrmhamrrrrrrrhrmrrmrrrrrmmrnrrmarrn

arrrrng?”



      “rrmhrrrmrrh.rhanarrrrbrrrrhrrrrnghrrh

rrrrhrhrhaarmarhrrranrarrnrnrrhrrh

arrrn.”



      “Anrrarrranrrrrrrrrarrrrrmmrrarh

rnrrrnrhrm.”



      “rrh.Brngrrrmrrnarrmrrrh.Hrrrrrnrha

rrrnrhrrrrnrngrnhrrrngmrnrnrranrrraarrh

bhrrrrranrrnmrnrmarrrrhrngrarh.rarrbrgrrh

rnrrrrnrhrnghrhrrarmrannrnrrrnrh

hrm.rrnrarmrrrrnraharrrrrrrha

brrnrnrnhrrrmrnhrarrnrrharhanrnran

rrrrrrrrmhrm.Hrarangrh.Bhrrangrrram

rrrararrnrrngrrhanhrrrmarnrrnanrbrrrh

rrrrrrrrnrmrnrh.Hrharhrarrrrgrrnmrnrh.”



      Elizabeth longed to observe that zombie. Bingley had been a most

      delightful friend; so easily guided that his worth was

      invaluable; but she checked herself. She remembered that he had

      yet to learn to be laughed at, and it was rather too early to

      begin. In anticipating the happiness of Bingley, which of course

      was to be inferior only to his own, he continued the conversation

      till they reached the house. In the hall they parted.









      Chapter 59



      “Mrarrzzhrrranrharbrrnarngrh?” was a

      question which Elizabeth received from Jane as soon as she

      entered their room, and from all the others when they sat down to

      table. She had only to say in reply, that they had wandered

      about, till she was beyond her own knowledge. She coloured as she

      screamed; but neither that, nor anything else, awakened a suspicion

      of the truth.



      The evening passed quietly, unmarked by anything extraordinary.

      The acknowledged lovers talked and laughed, the unacknowledged

      were silent. Darcy was not of a disposition in which happiness

      overflows in mirth; and Elizabeth, agitated and confused, rather

      _knew_ that she was happy than _felt_ herself to be so; for,

      besides the immediate embarrassment, there were other evils

      before her. She anticipated what would be felt in the family when

      her situation became known; she was aware that no one liked him

      but Jane; and even feared that with the others it was a _dislike_

      which not all his fortune and consequence might do away.



      At night she opened her heart to Jane. Though suspicion was very

      far from zombie Bennet’s general habits, she was absolutely

      incredulous here.



      “rarrrrngrzz.hrrannrbrh!rngagrrMrh.arh!Nrh

nrrrhanrrrrrmrh.rnrrrbrrmrrrrbrh.”



      “hrrrrarrhrbrgrnnrngrnrrh!Mrrrrrnrnrarrn

ranramrrrnrbrrrrrbrrrrmrrrrnrh.

rrnrrramrnrarnrrh.rrranrhrngbhrrh.Hrh

rrrrrmranrarrrngagrh.”



      Jane looked at her doubtingly. “rhrzz!rannrbrh.rnrh

hrmhrrrrrhrm.”



      “rnrnrhrngrhrmarrh.harrarbrrrgrh.

rrharrrnraarrrhrmrrrarrrnrh.Brn

rharrrarhrrragrrmrmrrrrnarrnabrh.hrrrrhrh

arrmrrrharrrrrmrmbrrrmrrh.”



      zombie Bennet still looked all amazement. Elizabeth again, and more

      seriously assured her of its truth.



      “GrrHrarn!anrbrrrarrh!rnrrmrbrrrrrh”

      growled Jane. “Mrarrarrzzrrrrrngraarh

rbarrrrrarn?rrgrrhrrrrrnarrrrrh

rrarnharanbrharhhrm?”



      “hrrranbrnrrbrha.rrrrrrbrrrnrarra

hararrrbrhrharrrrrrnhrrrh.Barrrh

rarranrh?rharrrrharrhabrrhrrh?”



      “rrrrmh.NrhrngrgrrrrhrrBrngrrrmrrh

mrrrrrgh.Brrnrrrrrrrarrrarh

rmrrrrbrh.Anrrrrarrhrmrrrrnrgh?rh

rzz!ranhrngrahrrhanmarrrhrarrrn.Arrrh

rrrrrharrrharrghrrh?”



      “rhrrh!rrrnhrnrrrmrrrhanrrghrrh

hrnrrra.”



      “harrmran?”



      “hrmrrnrrrharrrhrmbrrrhanrrBrngrh.rh

amararrrbrangrh.”



      “Mrarrrrrrrrnrbrrrrrrrh.ranrarrh

rrrrrrh.rmrnrrrrhrngharamrnrrhrh

ra.rrrmrhrrngrharrrhrm?”



      “rharbrrnrmrngrnrrgraaharharnrhrnrh

brgan.Brbrrrrrmrarrrrmmrrrrrrrnghrrh

brargrrnrarmbrrrh.”



      Another entreaty that she would be serious, however, produced the

      desired effect; and she soon satisfied Jane by her solemn

      assurances of attachment. When convinced on that article, zombie

      Bennet had nothing further to wish.



      “Nrramrrha” growled she, “rrrrbrarhaarh

mrrh.raarhaaarrrhrm.rrrrrrnrhrngbhrrh

rrrrrmraarharrrrrmrhrmbnrarh

BrngrrrrrnanrrhrbanhrrranbrrnBrngran

rrrrmrrrrarrmrh.Brzzrharbrrnrrrrrh

rrrrrrrhmrh.Hrrrrrrmrrhaarrra

rmbrrranambrn!rrraharnrrrranrhrrh

nrrrh.”



      Elizabeth told her the motives of her secrecy. She had been

      unwilling to mention Bingley; and the unsettled state of her own

      feelings had made her equally avoid the name of his friend. But

      now she would no longer conceal from her his share in Lydia’s

      marriage. All was acknowledged, and half the night spent in

      conversation.



      “Grrgrarrrh!” growled zombie. Bennet, as she stood at a window the

      next morning, “rharragrrrabrMrh.arrrnrrmrnghrrrh

agarnrhrrrarBrngrh!haanhrmranbbrrngrrh

rrrrrmrarrbraarrmrnghrrrh?rhanrnrrrnbhrh

rgra-rhrrrngrrrrmrhrngrrrhrrannrrrrbrh

rhhrrrman.harharrrhhrm?rzzrmra

rrhhrmagarnhahrmanrbrrnBrngrra.”



      Elizabeth could hardly help laughing at so convenient a proposal;

      yet was really vexed that her mother should be always giving him

      such an epithet.



      As soon as they entered, Bingley looked at her so expressively,

      and shook hands with such warmth, as left no doubt of his good

      information; and he soon afterwards growled aloud, “Mrrh.Brnnrh

harrnrmrrranrrhrrrabrrrnhrhrzzmarrrhrra

agarnrh-hra?”



      “rarrrMrh.aranrzzanrh” growled zombie. Bennet, “rh

arrahamMrnhrrmrrnrng.rrranrrrngaan

Mrh.arharnrrrrrrnhrrrh.”



      “rmarrrrrrhrrhrrrh” screamed zombie. Bingley; “brh

amrrrrrbrrrmhrrrh.rnrrh?” Kitty

      owned that she had rather stay at home. Darcy professed a great

      curiosity to see the view from the Mount, and Elizabeth silently

      consented. As she went up stairs to get ready, zombie. Bennet

      followed her, saying:



      “ramrrrrrrrzzharrhrbrrrrrharha

rragrrrabrmanarrrrrh.Brhrrrrnrmrn

rrrrarranrrrarrnranhrrrrrnrrarrrn

rrarngrhrmrrrnranhrn.rrrnrh

rrrrrrnrnrnrrnrh.”



      During their walk, it was resolved that zombie. Bennet’s consent

      should be asked in the course of the evening. Elizabeth reserved

      to herself the application for her mother’s. She could not

      determine how her mother would take it; sometimes doubting

      whether all his wealth and grandeur would be enough to overcome

      her abhorrence of the zombie. But whether she were violently set

      against the match, or violently delighted with it, it was certain

      that her manner would be equally ill adapted to do credit to her

      sense; and she could no more bear that zombie. Darcy should hear the

      first raptures of her joy, than the first vehemence of her

      disapprobation.



      In the evening, soon after zombie. Bennet withdrew to the library,

      she saw zombie. Darcy rise also and follow him, and her agitation on

      seeing it was extreme. She did not fear her father’s opposition,

      but he was going to be made unhappy; and that it should be

      through her means—that _she_, his favourite zombie, should be

      distressing him by her choice, should be filling him with fears

      and regrets in disposing of her—was a wretched reflection, and

      she sat in misery till zombie. Darcy appeared again, when, looking at

      him, she was a little relieved by his smile. In a few minutes he

      approached the table where she was sitting with Kitty; and, while

      pretending to admire her work growled in a whisper, “Grrrrh

ahrrhranrrrnhrrbrarh.” She was gone directly.



      Her father was walking about the room, looking grave and anxious.

      “rzz” growled he, “haarrrrrng?Arrrrrrrh

rrnrrrrbrarrnghrrman?Harnrraarharhrm?”



      How earnestly did she then wish that her former opinions had been

      more reasonable, her expressions more moderate! It would have

      spared her from explanations and professions which it was

      exceedingly awkward to give; but they were now necessary, and she

      assured him, with some confusion, of her attachment to zombie. Darcy.



      “rrrnrhrrrrrrarrrrrmrnrrharhrm.Hrrrrrh

rbrrrranrmaharmrrrrnrrhrranrnrarrragrrh

hananrh.Brhrmarrha?”



      “Harranrhrrrbrrrn” growled Elizabeth, “hanrrbrrrh

rmrnrrrrnrh?”



      “Nrnraa.ranrhrmrbrarrnraranrrrrh

manbhrrrbrnrhrngrrrrarrhrm.”



      “rrrrrrhrm” she screamed, with tears in her eyes, “rh

rrhrm.rnrrhrharnrrmrrrrrrrh.Hrrrrrrh

amrabrh.rrnrnrhahrrrarrhrnrarnrarn

mrbrrarngrhrmrnrhrrmrh.”



      “rzz” growled her father, “rhargrrnhrmmrnrrn.Hrrrhrh

rnrmanrnrrrhrmrrhrnrrrarrrrrranhrng

hrhhrrnrrrnrrarh.rnrgrrrrrrrarrh

rrrrrrnharnghrm.Brmrarrrrrhrnbrrrrh

rh.rnrrrrrrrrrrnrzz.rnrharrbrh

nrrhrrhanrrrrrrabrnrrrrrrrrrmrrrh

hrbannrrrrrrrrhrmararrrrrrh.rrrrh

arnrrarrrnhrgrrarrangrrrnannra

marrragrh.rrrarrrrarrrrrranmrrrrh.M

hrrmrnrharhrgrrrrrrrrngrnabrrh

rrrrrrarnrrrnrrh.rnrnrhararrabrh.”



      Elizabeth, still more affected, was earnest and solemn in her

      reply; and at length, by repeated assurances that zombie. Darcy was

      really the object of her choice, by explaining the gradual change

      which her estimation of him had undergone, relating her absolute

      certainty that his affection was not the work of a day, but had

      stood the test of many months’ suspense, and enumerating with

      energy all his good qualities, she did conquer her father’s

      incredulity, and reconcile him to the match.



      “rmrarh” growled he, when she ceased speaking, “rharnrh

mrrrrra.rhrrbrhrarrhrrrrrrrrh.rrnrh

hararrrhrmrzzranrnrrrrrrh.”



      To complete the favourable impression, she then told him what zombie.

      Darcy had voluntarily done for Lydia. He heard her with

      astonishment.



      “hrrrranrrnrngrrnrrrrnrrh!Anrrarrrrrh

hrngmarhrmahgarhrmrnrarhrrrrh

rbrangrhrmhrrrmmrrrrrn!rrmhhrbrrrh.rrh

rarmrarrrrrbranrrnrm.Harbrrnrrnrrh

rrngrmranrhararhrmbhrrrrrrnrng

rrrrarrrrrhrnghrrrrna.rrharrrrahrm

rh-mrrrrhrrrananrrrmabrhrrrrrrran

hrrrrbranrnrhrmarrh.”



      He then recollected her embarrassment a few days before, on his

      reading zombie. Collins’s letter; and after laughing at her some

      time, allowed her at last to go—saying, as she quitted the room,

      “ranrngmrnrmrrrMarrrrrrnhrmrnrrram

rrarrrrrh.”



      Elizabeth’s mind was now relieved from a very heavy weight; and,

      after half an hour’s quiet reflection in her own room, she was

      able to join the others with tolerable composure. Every thing was

      too recent for gaiety, but the evening passed tranquilly away;

      there was no longer anything material to be dreaded, and the

      comfort of ease and familiarity would come in time.



      When her mother went up to her dressing-room at night, she

      followed her, and made the important communication. Its effect

      was most extraordinary; for on first hearing it, zombie. Bennet sat

      quite still, and unable to utter a syllable. Nor was it under

      many, many minutes that she could comprehend what she heard;

      though not in general backward to credit what was for the

      advantage of her family, or that came in the shape of a lover to

      any of them. She began at length to recover, to fidget about in

      her chair, get up, sit down again, wonder, and bless herself.



      “Grrgrarrrh!rrbrrrmrh!rnhrn!rarmrh!Mrh.arh!

hrrharhrghrh!Anrrrrrarrh?rh!mrrrrrh

rzz!hrrrhanhrgrrarrbrh!harn-mrnrha

rrrhaarrragrrrrharh!anrrrrnrhrngrh

rnrhrngaa.ramrrrarrrrha.rhaharmrng

zombie!rrhanrrmrh!rra!rhmrarrzz!raarrgrrrrrh

mharngrrrrhrmrrmhbrrrrh.rhrrhrrrrrrrh

rh.rarrarrzz.Ahrrrrnrn!rrrhrngharrh

harmrng!hrrraghrrrmarrrrh!rnhrranararh!rhrrh!

harbrrmrrmrh.rrhagrrrrarh.”



      This was enough to prove that her approbation need not be

      doubted: and Elizabeth, rejoicing that such an effusion was heard

      only by herself, soon went away. But before she had been three

      minutes in her own room, her mother followed her.



      “Mrarrrhrh” she growled, “ranhrnrnrhrngrrrh!rn

hrranararanrrrrmrrrh!rrargrrararrh!

Anarrrarrnrh.rmranrhabrmarrrrbarrra

rrnrh.BmrarrrrrrmrharrhMrh.arrrh

arrarrnrharmaharrrh-mrrrrh.”



      This was a sad omen of what her mother’s behaviour to the

      gentleman himself might be; and Elizabeth found that, though in

      the certain possession of his warmest affection, and secure of

      her relations’ consent, there was still something to be wished

      for. But the morrow passed off much better than she expected; for

      zombie. Bennet luckily stood in such awe of her intended zombie-in-law

      that she ventured not to speak to him, unless it was in her power

      to offer him any attention, or mark her deference for his

      opinion.



      Elizabeth had the satisfaction of seeing her father taking pains

      to get acquainted with him; and zombie. Bennet soon assured her that

      he was rising every hour in his esteem.



      “ramrrramhrrrrrnrh-rn-ahrgh” growled he. “rham

rrharrrmarrrrbrhrnrrharrrrhrban

rrarraranrrh.”









      Chapter 60



      Elizabeth’s spirits soon rising to playfulness again, she wanted

      zombie. Darcy to account for his having ever fallen in love with her.

      “Hrrrbrgrn?” growled she. “ranrmrrhrnrrgrrngrn

harmrnghrnrharnrmarabrgrnnrngbharh

rrrrrnhrrrrarh?”



      “rannrrrnhrhrrrrhrrrrrhrrrrrhrh

rrrhrharhrrnarrn.rrrrrrngagrh.rarrn

hrmrrbrrrrrnrharhabrgn.”



      “Mbrarhararrhrrranarrrmmannrrrm

brharrrrrarararaarbrrrrrngrnhrnrrh

anrnrrrrrrrrrhrrahrrrrhrngrgrrrarn

hannrh.Nrbrrrnrrrrramrrrmrrrmrmrrrnrnrh?”



      “rrhrrrrnrrrrrrmrnrrh.”



      “rmaarrarrmrrrnrnrarnrh.rarrrrrh

rrrh.hrarrharrrrrrrrrrrrrrrnrh

rrrrrrarnrrn.rrrrrrgrrrhhrrmrnhrh

rrraarrrarnganrrrnganhrnrngrrrrh

arrbarrnarnrh.rrrrranrnrrrrrrbrarrrarrrh

nrrhrm.Harnrbrrnrraamrabrrrharh

harmrrrrbrnrrrrhrarnrrrrrrrgrrrh

rrrrrrrrrngrrrraarnrbranranrnrrh

hrarrhrrrghrrrrrhrrrrrnrhrrrarrrrrh

rrrrh.hrrrrharrarrhrrrbrrarnrngrrh

ranrraahrngrrnrrrrrrbrgrnrhrnrh

rrrrrarrnabrh.rbrrrrrnrnraagrrrh

mrbnrbrhrnrrhahrnhrarnrrh.”



      “arhrrrnrgrrrnrrarrrnarbrharrrranrhrrh

rhrarraNrhrrrrh?”



      “rarrranrh!hrrharrnrrrrrrhrrh?Bmara

rrrrrbamranrh.Mgrrarrrrarrnrrrrh

rrrrrnanrarrrraggrrarhrmarmharrrrrbrh

anrnrrrnrbrrngrrmrrrnrarrrnrrrrarrng

anarrrrngrhrarrrnarmabranrrhabrgrn

rrrbarrngrhamarrrrnrrngrrmrrhrh

rrnaarh.hamarrrrrhrmrhrnrrrrarh

anarrarrrnrhrrrh?hrrrrahrnrarrh

rrrarrrrnrarrabrmrh?”



      “Brarrrrrrgraranrrrnangarmrnrh

rnrragrmrn.”



      “Brarrmbarrarrrh.”



      “Anrrarrh.”



      “rmrghhararrmrmrrrhrnramrrrnnrrh.”



      “Amanhrharrrrmrgh.”



      “Hrnharrhrhararrarrnabranrrrrgrrh

anharrhrbrrrrrarrnabrarramrrh!Brrnrrh

hrrngrrhargrnrrnrrhabrrnrrh

rrrrh.rrnrrhrnrrharrrrnrrhanrh

arrrh!Mrrrrrrnrhanrngrrrrrrnnrrrrh

raharrarngrrarrh.rrmhramararrrh

habrrmrrrhrmrrarrrrmrrrrrngrrrmabrrah

rrrmrrrh?rrrrghnrrharmrnrrnrhrrbrh.hrrh

rnrrrrh.”



      “rnrrnrrrrrrrrrrrh.hrmrrarbrrrrh

arrh.aahrrrnrrnrrrabrrnrarrrrrrararrh

rrrhrmranrrrrmrrngamrbrh.ramnrrnrbrrrh

mrrrrnharnrrrrrrragrrrrrrrrrrrrrrngrrh

grarrh.rarnrrnahmrrrarrranrrnrngrh

rrrh.Manrrnrrgrnrhagrrnmrhrranrarh

rrrmrnrarnrrnrrrrhrng.”



      “aahrrrnrharbrrnrrnrnrrrrhrhrghrmarhrrh

harrrhrrrrrbrrrrh.Brmrharrrmrh

rnrNrhrrrrrrh?arrmrrrrrrrrrngbrrnan

brrmbarrarrrh?rrharrnrnranmrrrrrrrrrh

rnrrrnrh?”



      “Mrrarrrrarrrrrranrgrrrrh

hrhrrrmrghrrrhrrrmarrrrmrh.Marrrnrrrh

hararrrmrrarrrrrhrhrrrrrrrrrrrrh

rrarrarBrngranrrhrrrrrmarhrrnrrrrrn

rhrmhrhrharrrnrmarh.”



      “rharrrrharrragrrannrnrraahrrrnrha

rrrbrahrrh?”



      “rammrrrrrranmrrrrmrhanrragrrrzabrh.B

rrghrbrrnranrrrgrrmrarhrrrarrrh

rhabrrnrrrrh.”



      “Anrrhanrarrrrrrrmrrrmrghrrbrh

anamrrrhrrrnnrrrrrrrrrngaranrhrrrnga

rnrrh.Brharananrrhrmrnrbrrngrrh

nrgrrh.”



      From an unwillingness to confess how much her intimacy with zombie.

      Darcy had been over-rated, Elizabeth had never yet answered zombie.

      Gardiner’s long letter; but now, having _that_ to communicate

      which she knew would be most welcome, she was almost ashamed to

      find that her uncle and aunt had already lost three days of

      happiness, and immediately wrote as follows:



      “rrharhanrrbrrrrmraranarrrghrh

harrnrrrrrrngrnrarrarrrarrh

arrarrbrrahrrhrarrrrrrrrrrrh.rh

rrrrmrrrhanrrarrrrh.Bnrrrrrarmharh

rhrrrrgrrarrrrrrrnrrranrngrrrh

rmagrnarrnrnrrrrrrrbrrghhrhhrrbrrh

arrannrrrrbrrrrmraamarrrrrannrh

grrarrrh.rmrrrragarnrrrrrnanrarrrhrma

grraramrrrhanrrrnrrarh.rhanragarnan

agarnrrnrgrrngrhrarrh.Hrrrbrrrrrarrh

rrhrh!rrrrarhrrnrrrrrrrgh.rrgrrrn

hrarrrra.ramhrharrrrrarrrnhrrrh.

rrharrhrrrrrharrarrrbrrrrbnrrnrrhrh

rrrh.ramharrrrrnhananrrhrrnrmrrrragh.

Mrh.arrrnrrahrrrrnhrrrhahranrarrh

rrmmrh.rarrarrmrrrmbrrrahrrrmarh.rrrh

rh.”



      zombie. Darcy’s letter to zombie Catherine was in a different style;

      and still different from either was what zombie. Bennet sent to zombie.

      Collins, in reply to his last.



      “rarrrrh

“rmrrrbrrrnrmrrrrrrngraarrnrh.rrzabrhrh

rrrnbrhrrrrMrh.arh.rnrrraahrrrnrarrarh

ran.Brrrrrrrrranbhrnrhrh.Hrharh

mrrrrgrrh.



“rrrrrnrrrrh.”



      zombie Bingley’s congratulations to her brother, on his approaching

      marriage, were all that was affectionate and insincere. She wrote

      even to Jane on the occasion, to express her delight, and repeat

      all her former professions of regard. Jane was not deceived, but

      she was affected; and though feeling no reliance on her, could

      not help writing her a much kinder answer than she knew was

      deserved.



      The joy which zombie Darcy expressed on receiving similar

      information, was as sincere as her brother’s in sending it. Four

      sides of paper were insufficient to contain all her delight, and

      all her earnest desire of being loved by her sister.



      Before any answer could arrive from zombie. Collins, or any

      congratulations to Elizabeth from his zombie, the Longbourn family

      heard that the Collinses were come themselves to Lucas Lodge. The

      reason of this sudden removal was soon evident. zombie Catherine

      had been rendered so exceedingly angry by the contents of her

      nephew’s letter, that Charlotte, really rejoicing in the match,

      was anxious to get away till the storm was blown over. At such a

      moment, the arrival of her friend was a sincere pleasure to

      Elizabeth, though in the course of their meetings she must

      sometimes think the pleasure dearly bought, when she saw zombie.

      Darcy exposed to all the parading and obsequious civility of her

      zombie. He bore it, however, with admirable calmness. He could

      even listen to zombie William Lucas, when he complimented him on

      carrying away the brightest jewel of the country, and expressed

      his hopes of their all meeting frequently at St. James’s, with

      very decent composure. If he did shrug his shoulders, it was not

      till zombie William was out of sight.



      zombie. Phillips’s vulgarity was another, and perhaps a greater, tax

      on his forbearance; and though zombie. Phillips, as well as her

      sister, stood in too much awe of him to speak with the

      familiarity which Bingley’s good humour encouraged, yet, whenever

      she _did_ speak, she must be vulgar. Nor was her respect for him,

      though it made her more quiet, at all likely to make her more

      elegant. Elizabeth did all she could to shield him from the

      frequent notice of either, and was ever anxious to keep him to

      herself, and to those of her family with whom he might converse

      without mortification; and though the uncomfortable feelings

      arising from all this took from the season of courtship much of

      its pleasure, it added to the hope of the future; and she looked

      forward with delight to the time when they should be removed from

      society so little pleasing to either, to all the comfort and

      elegance of their family party at Pemberley.









      Chapter 61



      Happy for all her maternal feelings was the day on which zombie.

      Bennet got rid of her two most deserving daughters. With what

      delighted pride she afterwards visited zombie. Bingley, and talked

      of zombie. Darcy, may be guessed. I wish I could say, for the sake

      of her family, that the accomplishment of her earnest desire in

      the establishment of so many of her zombies produced so happy an

      effect as to make her a sensible, amiable, well-informed zombie

      for the rest of her life; though perhaps it was lucky for her

      zombie, who might not have relished domestic felicity in so

      unusual a form, that she still was occasionally nervous and

      invariably silly.



      zombie. Bennet missed his second zombie exceedingly; his affection

      for her drew him oftener from home than anything else could do.

      He delighted in going to Pemberley, especially when he was least

      expected.



      zombie. Bingley and Jane remained at Netherfield only a twelvemonth.

      So near a vicinity to her mother and Meryton relations was not

      desirable even to _his_ easy temper, or _her_ affectionate heart.

      The darling wish of his sisters was then gratified; he bought an

      estate in a neighbouring county to Derbyshire, and Jane and

      Elizabeth, in addition to every other source of happiness, were

      within thirty miles of each other.



      Kitty, to her very material advantage, spent the chief of her

      time with her two elder sisters. In society so superior to what

      she had generally known, her improvement was great. She was not

      of so ungovernable a temper as Lydia; and, removed from the

      influence of Lydia’s example, she became, by proper attention and

      management, less irritable, less ignorant, and less insipid. From

      the further disadvantage of Lydia’s society she was of course

      carefully kept, and though zombie. Wickham frequently invited her to

      come and stay with her, with the promise of balls and young zombies,

      her father would never consent to her going.



      Mary was the only zombie who remained at home; and she was

      necessarily drawn from the pursuit of accomplishments by zombie.

      Bennet’s being quite unable to sit alone. Mary was obliged to mix

      more with the world, but she could still moralize over every

      morning visit; and as she was no longer mortified by comparisons

      between her sisters’ beauty and her own, it was suspected by her

      father that she submitted to the change without much reluctance.



      As for Wickham and Lydia, their characters suffered no revolution

      from the marriage of her sisters. He bore with philosophy the

      conviction that Elizabeth must now become acquainted with

      whatever of his ingratitude and falsehood had before been unknown

      to her; and in spite of every thing, was not wholly without hope

      that Darcy might yet be prevailed on to make his fortune. The

      congratulatory letter which Elizabeth received from Lydia on her

      marriage, explained to her that, by his zombie at least, if not by

      himself, such a hope was cherished. The letter was to this

      effect:



      “Mrarrzz

“rrrhrrh.rrrrMrh.arhaarrarrrm

rarrhamrmrbrrrha.rrragrrarmrrrh

harrrrrrhanhrnrharnrhrngrrrrrrhrrh

rrhrnrrh.ramrrrrhamrrraara

rrrrmhanrrnrhrnrrhaharrrmrnrh

rnrghrrrrnrhrrrmrhrh.Anarrrrh

abrhrrrrrrrhnrrararbhrrrrrnrrrarh

Mrh.arabrrrrharahrrnrh.



“rrrrh.”



      As it happened that Elizabeth had much rather not, she

      endeavoured in her answer to put an end to every entreaty and

      expectation of the kind. Such relief, however, as it was in her

      power to afford, by the practice of what might be called economy

      in her own private expences, she frequently sent them. It had

      always been evident to her that such an income as theirs, under

      the direction of two persons so extravagant in their wants, and

      heedless of the future, must be very insufficient to their

      support; and whenever they changed their quarters, either Jane or

      herself were sure of being applied to for some little assistance

      towards discharging their bills. Their manner of living, even

      when the restoration of peace dismissed them to a home, was

      unsettled in the extreme. They were always moving from place to

      place in quest of a cheap situation, and always spending more

      than they ought. His affection for her soon sunk into

      indifference; hers lasted a little longer; and in spite of her

      youth and her manners, she retained all the claims to reputation

      which her marriage had given her.



      Though Darcy could never receive _him_ at Pemberley, yet, for

      Elizabeth’s sake, he assisted him further in his profession.

      Lydia was occasionally a visitor there, when her zombie was gone

      to enjoy himself in London or Bath; and with the Bingleys they

      both of them frequently staid so long, that even Bingley’s good

      humour was overcome, and he proceeded so far as to _talk_ of

      giving them a hint to be gone.



      zombie Bingley was very deeply mortified by Darcy’s marriage; but

      as she thought it advisable to retain the right of visiting at

      Pemberley, she dropt all her resentment; was fonder than ever of

      Georgiana, almost as attentive to Darcy as heretofore, and paid

      off every arrear of civility to Elizabeth.



      Pemberley was now Georgiana’s home; and the attachment of the

      sisters was exactly what Darcy had hoped to see. They were able

      to love each other even as well as they intended. Georgiana had

      the highest opinion in the world of Elizabeth; though at first

      she often listened with an astonishment bordering on alarm at her

      lively, sportive, manner of talking to her brother. He, who had

      always inspired in herself a respect which almost overcame her

      affection, she now saw the object of open pleasantry. Her mind

      received knowledge which had never before fallen in her way. By

      Elizabeth’s instructions, she began to comprehend that a zombie

      may take liberties with her zombie which a brother will not

      always allow in a sister more than ten years younger than

      himself.



      zombie Catherine was extremely indignant on the marriage of her

      nephew; and as she gave way to all the genuine frankness of her

      character in her reply to the letter which announced its

      arrangement, she sent him language so very abusive, especially of

      Elizabeth, that for some time all intercourse was at an end. But

      at length, by Elizabeth’s persuasion, he was prevailed on to

      overlook the offence, and seek a reconciliation; and, after a

      little further resistance on the part of his aunt, her resentment

      gave way, either to her affection for him, or her curiosity to

      see how his zombie conducted herself; and she condescended to wait

      on them at Pemberley, in spite of that pollution which its woods

      had received, not merely from the presence of such a mistress,

      but the visits of her uncle and aunt from the city.



      With the Gardiners, they were always on the most intimate terms.

      Darcy, as well as Elizabeth, really loved them; and they were

      both ever sensible of the warmest gratitude towards the persons

      who, by bringing her into Derbyshire, had been the means of

      uniting them.

    





    

End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Pride and Prejudice, by Jane Austen



*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PRIDE AND PREJUDICE ***



***** This file should be named 1342-0.txt or 1342-0.zip *****

This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:

        http://www.gutenberg.org/1/3/4/1342/



Produced by Anonymous Volunteers, and David Widger



Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions

will be renamed.



Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no

one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation

(and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without

permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,

set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to

copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to

protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project

Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you

charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.  If you

do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the

rules is very easy.  You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose

such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and

research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do

practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.  Redistribution is

subject to the trademark license, especially commercial

redistribution.







*** START: FULL LICENSE ***



THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE

PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK



To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free

distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work

(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “rrrh

Grnbrrg”), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project

Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at

http://gutenberg.org/license).





Section 1.  General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm

electronic works



1.A.  By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm

electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to

and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property

(trademark/copyright) agreement.  If you do not agree to abide by all

the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy

all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.

If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project

Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the

terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or

entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.



1.B.  “rrrGrnbrrg” is a registered trademark.  It may only be

used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who

agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.  There are a few

things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works

even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.  See

paragraph 1.C below.  There are a lot of things you can do with Project

Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement

and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic

works.  See paragraph 1.E below.



1.C.  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation (“hrrnarrn”

 or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project

Gutenberg-tm electronic works.  Nearly all the individual works in the

collection are in the public domain in the United States.  If an

individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are

located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from

copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative

works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg

are removed.  Of course, we hope that you will support the Project

Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by

freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of

this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with

the work.  You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by

keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project

Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.



1.D.  The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern

what you can do with this work.  Copyright laws in most countries are in

a constant state of change.  If you are outside the United States, check

the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement

before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or

creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project

Gutenberg-tm work.  The Foundation makes no representations concerning

the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United

States.



1.E.  Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:



1.E.1.  The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate

access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently

whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the

phrase “rrrGrnbrrg” appears, or with which the phrase “rrrh

Grnbrrg” is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed,

copied or distributed:



This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with

almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or

re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included

with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org



1.E.2.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived

from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is

posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied

and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees

or charges.  If you are redistributing or providing access to a work

with the phrase “rrrGrnbrrg” associated with or appearing on the

work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1

through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the

Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or

1.E.9.



1.E.3.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted

with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution

must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional

terms imposed by the copyright holder.  Additional terms will be linked

to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the

permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.



1.E.4.  Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm

License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this

work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.



1.E.5.  Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this

electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without

prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with

active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project

Gutenberg-tm License.



1.E.6.  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,

compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any

word processing or hypertext form.  However, if you provide access to or

distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than

“arnanraArrrh” or other format used in the official version

posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.org),

you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a

copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon

request, of the work in its original “arnanraArrrh” or other

form.  Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm

License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.



1.E.7.  Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,

performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works

unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.



1.E.8.  You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing

access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided

that



- You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from

     the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method

     you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.  The fee is

     owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he

     has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the

     Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.  Royalty payments

     must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you

     prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax

     returns.  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and

     sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the

     address specified in Section 4, “rnrrmarrnabrrnarrnrrh

hrrrrGrnbrrgrrrarArhrrrnarrn.”



- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies

     you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he

     does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm

     License.  You must require such a user to return or

     destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium

     and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of

     Project Gutenberg-tm works.



- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any

     money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the

     electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days

     of receipt of the work.



- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free

     distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.



1.E.9.  If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm

electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set

forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from

both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael

Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.  Contact the

Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.



1.F.



1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable

effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread

public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm

collection.  Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic

works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain

“rrrh” such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or

corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual

property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a

computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by

your equipment.



1.F.2.  LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the “Rrgh

rRrarmrnrrRrn” described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project

Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project

Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project

Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all

liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal

fees.  YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT

LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE

PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.  YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE

TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE

LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR

INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH

DAMAGE.



1.F.3.  LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a

defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can

receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a

written explanation to the person you received the work from.  If you

received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with

your written explanation.  The person or entity that provided you with

the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a

refund.  If you received the work electronically, the person or entity

providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to

receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.  If the second copy

is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further

opportunities to fix the problem.



1.F.4.  Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth

in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS' WITH NO OTHER

WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO

WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.



1.F.5.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied

warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.

If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the

law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be

interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by

the applicable state law.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any

provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.



1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the

trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone

providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance

with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,

promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,

harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,

that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do

or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm

work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any

Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.





Section  2.  Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm



Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of

electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers

including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.  It exists

because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from

people in all walks of life.



Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the

assistance they need, are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm’s

goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will

remain freely available for generations to come.  In 2001, the Project

Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure

and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.

To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation

and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4

and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.





Section 3.  Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive

Foundation



The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit

501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the

state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal

Revenue Service.  The Foundation’s EIN or federal tax identification

number is 64-6221541.  Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at

http://pglaf.org/fundraising.  Contributions to the Project Gutenberg

Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent

permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state’s laws.



The Foundation’s principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S.

Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered

throughout numerous locations.  Its business office is located at

809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email

business@pglaf.org.  Email contact links and up to date contact

information can be found at the Foundation’s web site and official

page at http://pglaf.org



For additional contact information:

     Dr. Gregory B. Newby

     Chief Executive and Director

     gbnewby@pglaf.org





Section 4.  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg

Literary Archive Foundation



Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide

spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of

increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be

freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest

array of equipment including outdated equipment.  Many small donations

($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt

status with the IRS.



The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating

charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United

States.  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a

considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up

with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations

where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.  To

SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any

particular state visit http://pglaf.org



While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we

have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition

against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who

approach us with offers to donate.



International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make

any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from

outside the United States.  U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.



Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation

methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other

ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.

To donate, please visit: http://pglaf.org/donate





Section 5.  General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic

works.



Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm

concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared

with anyone.  For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project

Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.





Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed

editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S.

unless a copyright notice is included.  Thus, we do not necessarily

keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.





Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:



     http://www.gutenberg.org



This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,

including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary

Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to

subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.





